The French are glad to die for love;
They delight in fighting duels.
But I prefer a man who lives
And give expensive jewels.
A kiss on the hand may be quite continental,
But diamonds are a girl's best friend.
A kiss may be grand, but it won't pay the rental
On your humble flat
Or help you at the automat.
Men grow cold as girls grow old,
And we all lose our charm in the end.
But square cut or pear shape
These rocks don't lose their shape!
Diamonds are a girl's best friend.
I've heard of affairs that are strictly platonic,
But diamonds are a girl's best friend.
And I think affairs that you must keep Masonic
Are the better bets
If little pets get big baguettes.
Time rolls on, and youth is gone,
And you can't straighten up when you bend.
But stiff back or stiff knees,
You stand straight at Tiff'ny's!
Diamonds are a girl's best friend.
There may come a time when a lass needs a lawyer,
But diamonds are a girl's best friend.
There may come a time when a hard-boiled employer
Thinks you're awful nice,
But get that ice or else no dice.
He's your guy when stocks are high,
But beware when they start to descend,
It's then that those louses
Go back to their spouses!
Diamonds are a girl's best friend.
A well conducted rendezvous
Makes a maiden's heart beat quicker.
But when the rendezvous is through,
These stones still keep their flicker.
Romance is divine, and I'm not one to knock it,
But diamonds are a girl's best friend.
Romance is divine, yes, but where can you hock it?
When the flame is gone,
Just try and pawn a tired Don Juan.
Some men buy, and some just sigh
That to make you their bride they intend.
But buyers or sighers
They're such goddamn liars!
Diamonds are a girl's best friend.
At Yale there's a lad whose appeal I acknowledge,
But diamonds are a girl's best friend.
I might like his dad, but when I meet a college boy,
The thing to say
Is 'ray, 'ray, 'ray for Cartier!
Some girls find some piece of mind
In a trust fund that banks recommend.
But if you are busty
Your trustee gets lusty!
Diamonds are a girl's best friend.
Stash those rocks in your strongbox
For on them you can always depend.
It's not compensation,
It's self-preservation!
Diamonds are a girl's best friend.
(I don't mean rhinestones!)
Diamonds are a girl's best friend.
Last Update: June, 10th 2013