[JENNY]
You gentlemen can watch while I'm scrubbin' the floors
And I'm scrubbin' the floors while you're?gawkin'
And?maybe once you?tip me and it makes you?feel swell
On a ratty waterfront in a ratty old hotel
And?you?never?guess to who?you're talkin'
You never?guess to who you are talkin'
Suddenly one night, there's a scream in the night
And you wonder, "What could that a-been?"
And you see me kinda grinnin' while I'm scrubbin'
And you wonder, "What's she got to grin?"
And a ship, a black freighter
With a skull on its masthead
Will be comin' in
You gentlemen can say, "Hey girl, finish th? floors
Get upstairs, make the b?ds, earn your keep here!"
You toss me your tips and look out at the ships
But I'm countin' your heads while I make up the beds
'Cause there's nobody gonna sleep here
Tonight none of you will sleep here
Then that night there's a bang in the night
And you yell, "Who's that kickin' up a row?"
And you see me kinda starin' out the winda
And you say, "What's she got to stare at now?"
And a ship, the black freighter
Turns around in the harbor
Shootin' guns from the bow
Then you gentlemen can wipe off that laugh from your face
Every building in town is a flat one
Your whole stinkin' place will be down to the ground
Only this cheap hotel standin' up safe and sound
And you yell, "Why do they spare that one?"
And you say, "Why do they spare that one?"
All the night through with the noise and to-do
You wonder who's that person lives up there
Then you see me steppin' out into the mornin'
Lookin' nice with a ribbon in my hair
And the ship, the black freighter
Runs the flag up its masthead
And a cheer rings the air!
By noontime the dock is all swarmin' with men
Comin' off of that ghostly freighter
They're movin' in the shadows where no one can see
And they're chainin' up people and bringin' them to me
Askin' me, "Kill them now or later?"
Askin' me, "Kill them now or later?"
Noon by the clock and so still on the dock
You can hear a foghorn miles away
In that quiet of death, I'll say
"Right now"
And they pile up the bodies and I'll say
"That'll learn you"
Then the ship, the black freighter
Disappears out to sea
And on it is me
Last Update: October, 24th 2023