[Shrek]
I guess I’d be a hero, with sword and armor clashing
Looking semi dashing, a shield within my grip
Or else I’d be a viking, and live a life of daring
While smelling like a herring, upon a viking ship.
I’d sail away, I’d see the world, I’d reach the farthest reaches
I’d feel the wind, I’d taste the salt and sea.
And maybe storm some beaches.
That’s who I’d be. That’s who I’d be.
Or I could be a poet, and write a different story,
One that tells of glory, and wipes away the lies
And to the skies I’d throw it, the stars would do the telling
The moon would help with spelling, and night would dot the ‘i’s
I’d write a verse, recite a joke, with wit and perfect timing.
I’d share my heart, confess the things I yearn, and do it all while rhyming.
But we all learn. But we all learn.
And ogre always hides, an ogre's fate is known
And ogre always stays in the dark and all alone
So yes I’d be a hero and if my wish were granted
Life would be enchanted, or so the stories say.
Of course I’d be a hero, and I would scale a tower
To save a hot-house flower, and carry her away
But standing guard would be a beast, I’d somehow overwhelm it,
I’d get the girl, I’d take a breath, and I’d remove my helmet.
We’d stand and stare, we’d speak of love, we’d feel the stars ascending
We’d share a kiss, I’d find my destiny
I’d have a hero’s ending, a perfect happy ending.
That’s how it would be
A big bright beautiful world
But not for me.
[fiona]
An ogre always hides. An ogres fate is known. An ogre always stays
[donkey]
In the dark you're alone
[fiona]
All alone
(all at the same time)
[shrek]
So yes i'd be a hero, and if my wish were granted
Life would be enchanted or so the stories say.
Of course I'd be a hero and i would scale a tower to save a
hot-house flower and carry her away!
[fiona]
There are rules and there are strictures. I belive the story books I read by candle light
[donkey]
Don't let me go, don't let me go, don't let me go
[all]
A perfect happy ending, thats how.... It.. Should be!
Last Update: August, 27th 2025