PARSEE MAN
We?ll it?s an easy thing to learn you take some butter from the churn and beat the butter with the sugar from the cane.
And then to make a better batter you can help us with this matter with an egg or two before we grind the grain.
Then when the flour has been ground you have to stir it all around with other goodies that are added by the cup.
But just before I give the list there?s one important thing we?ve missed, before we bake a cake we have to limber up!
Do the Parsee Cake Cake Walk Walk but Walk the Parsee Cake way.
Straight-sided and loose-bottomed and that?s just the baking tray!
Do the Parsee Cake Cake Walk Step-by-Step for Parsee Cake kicks.
Just stick with?em and keep the rhythm of the Parsee Cake Mix!
(VOCALISED RIFF)
You need sultana?s from the vine, if you have raisins they?ll be fine,
or dates taste great if you can shake them from the palm, and if you?ve got some brandy
handy just a drop or two is dandy but to lose the booze will not do any harm.
And then to add a little zest I think that citrus fruits are best although it?s sad we haven?t had our normal gluts.
Some ginger, cinnamon and spice if you can find them will be nice and if you?re coco loco don?t forget your nuts!
Don?t forget your nuts!
KOLOKOLO BIRD
Don?t forget your nuts!
ALL
Nuts!
PARSEE, COOKING STOVE AND INGERDIENTS
Do the Parsee cake cake walk walk but walk the Parsee cake way.
Straight-sided and loose-bottomed and that?s just the baking tray.
Do the Parsee cake cake walk step-by-step for Parsee cake kicks.
Just stick with ?em and keep the rhythm of the Parsee cake mix!
ALL
Do that cake walk just for kicks. Just stick with ?em and keep the rhythm of the Parsee cake mix.
RHINO
What?s going on here sounds like a riot!? I smell there?s a cake well on the way.
Good job that I?ve not started my diet. I?m sure they won?t mind if I should stay.
ALL
Do the Parsee cake, do the Parsee cake, do the Parsee cake walk.
PARSEE
Just follow me
ALL
Do the Parsee cake, do the Parsee cake, do the Parsee cake walk
PARSEE
Won?t you follow me  and...
ALL
Do the Parsee cake cake walk walk but walk the Parsee cake way.
Straight-sided and loose-bottomed and that?s just the baking tray.
Do the Parsee cake cake walk step-by-step for Parsee cake kicks.
Just stick with ?em and keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm.
Keep the rhythm, of the Parsee cake...
...that?s the Parsee cake mix!
Last Update: July, 10th 2014