"How did you like the library Ilona?"
Spoken:
You've never seen such a place
So many books
So much marble
So quiet
Sung:
And suddenly all of my confidence dribbled away with a pitiful plop
My head was beginning to swim and my forehead was covered in cold perspiration
I started to reach for a book and my hand automatically came to a stop
I don't know how long I stood frozen a victim of panic and mortification
Oooooh, how I wanted to flee
When a quiet voice, a gentle voice, whispered, Pardon me
"Pardon me?"
Uh huh
And there was this dear, sweet, clearly respectable thickly bespectacled man
Who stood by my side and quietly sad to me - mam', don't mean to intrude,
but I was just ondering are you need of some help,
I said no, yes I am.
The next thing you know I'm sipping hot chocolate and telling my troubles to Paul
Whose tender brown eyes kept sending compassionate looks
A trip to the library has made a new girl of me.
For suddenly I can see, the magic of books!
I have to admit in the back of my mind I was praying he wouldn't get fresh
And all of the while I was wondering why an illiterate girl should attract him
Then all of a sudden he said that I couldn't go wrong with the way of all flesh
Of course it's a novel, but I didn't know or I certainly wouldn't have smacked him!
Well he gave me a smile that I couldn't resist
And I knew at once how much I liked this
Optometrist
"Optometrist?"
Optometrist
You know what this dear, sweet, slightly bespectacled gentlemen said to me next?
He said he could solve this problem of mine
I said, how?
He said, if I'd like he'd willingly read to me some of his favorite things, I said when?
He said now
His novel approach seamed highly suspicious and possibly dangerous too,
I told myself, wait, hing, dare you go up to his flat?
What happens if things go wrong,
It's obvious he's quite strong,
He read to me all night long.
Now how about that!
It's hard to believe how truly domestic and happily hopeful I feel
I picture my Paul there reading aloud as I cook.
As long as he's there to read, there's quite a good chance indeed,
a chance that I'll never eed to open a book.
Unlike someone else
Someone I dimly recall.
I know he'll only have eyes for me
My optometrist Paul
Last Update: December, 14th 2013