When was a little girl.
A little girl of seven
My mommy unexpectedly
Went on a trip to heaven
And daddy dear would kiss my tear
When I would start to cry
Judy. (Suddenly, as if possessed.) It’s too big, Sylvia!
(Looks around to see where the voice came from.)
Sylvia. I beg your pardon?
Judy. (Slowly, intuitively.) It’s...too big. You want the audience to come to you. (Mystified by her own words.)
Sylvia. Excuse me, Judy Denmark, but what would you possibly know about it?
Judy. (Slowly gaining confidence.) | know enough to see you're pushing for results. You're not in the moment. You have no subtext. You don't know the first thing about Pippi Longstocking. (Self-assured.) You're not even acting. I see what you're doing.
Sylvia. You wouldn't dare.
Judy. (in her face.) You're indicating!
(Sylvia indicates being mortified, turns away, taggers upstage.)
Tina. Mama? Will you show me how it’s done?
(Judy slowly removes her apron and tosses it aside, just as she’s about to sing, she falters.)
Judy. I can’t. (turns away.)
Sylvia. (turns to her.) Yes. You can.
Judy. (Instantly turns back, sings, remaining perfectly still.)
When i was a little girl
A little girl of seven
My mommy unexpectedly
Went on a trip to heaven
And daddy dear would kiss my tear
When i would start to cry
And say though mommy's dead
She's overhead
An angel in the sky
(Slowly, her arms start moving. She looks at her hands in wonder.)
Mama? (Looks to heaven.) M...m...mama?
(Remaining in place, she sings, gesturing expressively with her arms and hands.)
Now when I lay me down to sleep
I don't turn off the light
So mom can find me when she comes
To kiss my cheek good night
Of course i raise my window now
Before I get in bed
It wouldn't want my angel mom.
To bang her angel head
(She owns it.) I’m a talented girl, mama!
(Takes the stage with confidence.)
You may say I’m mother-less
But I must disagree
I live for my mother
And my mother lives in me
Now everything I’ll ever do
And everything I’ll be
I’ll be because of mommy dear
My mother lives in me!
Tina! Take the third chorus! (Coaching her brusquely.)
Tina.
You may say i'm mother-less
But i must disagree
Judy.
Arms!
Tina.(throws arms open.)
I live for my mother
And my mother lives in me
Judy. Smile, baby!
(Sylvia watches with tears in her eyes as mother and daughter perform side by side, the mirror image of one another.)
Judy & Tina.
Now everything I ever do
And everything I’ll be
I'll be because of mommy dear
Mommy's here!
My mother lives in me!
(Blackout.)
Last Update: October, 26th 2023