Na Na Na Na.Na Na Na Na (repeat)
Man and Woman:
Don’t you just love a pretty love story?
Brimming with passion, valor and glory
Well that’s too bad, that aint our tale today
What we’ve got here is more realistic
A husband, a wife, and things get sadistic
And we are here, to do the play by play
There is a man, and we’ll call him Tom. Tom
Because that’s his name as was given by mom
Life was so swell, til things went to’ well
Meet our home owning, lawn mowing, man?.
Tom:
Jump out of bed and start my preparing
The clock strikes six, I’m ready and raring
Suit myself up, it’s time to seize the day (Good morning’,morning)
Lucy:
Normally here it sounds like a riot
The kids are at camp, I’m loving the quiet
I think today is going to go my way
Gotta go honey
But Tom, today is .. (what, what? Today is what?
Never mind go.. go!   I love you)
Oh he’s a man, who works night and day
He’s got a porche and a 401K
Isn’t he great, successful and straight?
He’s a porche driving, wife loving,  home owning, lawn mowing man
Greetings good workers of your
No time to talk, the copy’s not gelling
The story board sucks, the staff is rebelling
They’re pissed off
People, relax, I’m going to save the day
Before we start, I need to speak with Jessica. It’s important
Today is your 15th wedding anniversary
Oh what a man, A wonderful man
Swinging through life with the ease of Tarzan
Take it from me, there’s one way to be
Be a bread-winning, ass kicking, porche driving, wife loving.
Home owining, lawn mowing man
Tom, what are you doing home?
Happy Anniversary? Na na na
A hickey Tom .. how could this be true
How dare she be as unfaithful as you?
For I’m a man, a wonderful man
Life was so great til this shit hit the fan
How could she stray?  Well let’s start the play
Marriage could turn into what you never planned
Pick yourself up, dammit Tom, take a stand
Oh you bread-winning, ass kicking, wife loving, skirt chasing,
(we need a therapist) home owning, lawn mowing man
Don’t you just love a pretty long story.    I’m a man?..!
Last Update: December, 27th 2013