there's people in the world today
don't care about the things they say, what's that about?
they're superficial bout their looks
but they ain't read His super book, what's that about?
gotta have the clothes, gotta have the perfect body,
i'm telling you that God, He don't care about that
you gotta work on your soul,
if just your outside is nice, you'll be paying the price
you gotta work on your soul,
use it everyday or it'll go away
you got to work, work, work on your soul
i know, i know, y'all thinkin "chill luke, i ain't tryna hear that"
well you better open your mind, look at me,
i've been working at it since i was a kid
everything i read or hear or see didn't make no sense to me
what's that about? yeah, i know..
went to school most every week, it was like they was talking Greek
what's that about? i had no idea!
lost and confused, headed in the wrong direction,
then i made a new connection that hooked me up
i got to work on my soul,
who needs a g.e.d., i got my b.i.b.l.e
i got to work on my soul,
now i'm spreading the word cause it's the one i heard,
and i got to work, work, work, on my...
(hazy at this point)
pick up what I'm laying down
and you can be part of the sound
come on it's worth the reward
if you want to go, then get on board
yo fellas, what?
are you ready to go to work? yeah!
hit me again, are you ready to go to work? yeah!
put some stank on it!
are you ready? yeah! are you ready?
yeah! are you ready? yeah! are you ready? yeah!
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
here it comes!!
*music break*
yaoooo!!~
its up in this(??)
hanging tough!
come on now!
Good God!!
you gotta work, work, work on your soul!
you gotta work it out, work, work, work on your soul!
i mean without a doubt
work work on your soul!
?? high and dry
work work on your soul!
until the day you die
work it work it work it work it work it work it
come on now, put your hand on the speaker!
work, can you feel it, work, can you feel it,
work, make me feel it, work, make me feel it,
work, i can feel it, work, yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, (work, work, work, work...)
you got to work, you got to work
cause i believe, i believe,
i believe, i believe, i believe, i believe, i believe,
i believe, i believe, i believe, i believeeee!!
(work, work, work, work,...)
wooOooOo! if you're down and lowly, you got to get holy!
if you're dirty with sin, you got to take a shower in redemption,
whoaaa-ooOooo!!
Last Update: February, 12th 2026