Hollywood are coming, Hollywood are coming now, Hollywood are coming, Hollywood are coming now kids, kids, kids, kids, kids, kids Listen, I was just in the Christmas tree shop with Mr. Madden's and he said that Hollywood are coming to St. Bernadette's to film our nativity and turn it into a movie This is big for all of us, we need to start packing cause we are going to be rich and we are gonna be better We're gonna be huge, we're gonna be famous, we're gonna be rich and who can blame us, Hollywood are coming and I can't believe his dream We're gonna be held in such affection, we're gonna be bigger than one direction, Hollywood are coming and all our dreams come true Sorry anymore, we're on our way now, where we're going who can say now, it's a place for just a chosen you And it's just not you Mr. Mayor, Mr. Mayor, have you heard? Oh yes, I just heard Mrs. B, this is wonderful news, not just for the school but for the whole of Coventry But we have work to do, we're going to need publicity, marketing, merchandise, t-shirts Hoodies, mugs, just in the very act of piggles We are the future of the big screen Harry Potter, what a happy Hollywood are coming And we're feeling pretty strange Are they in lights? Well, we've been chosen We're gonna be as big as the cast of Frozen Hollywood are coming, just watch our whole lives change Get our kids! Good and good, Saint Bernadette's Would become producers pets Never would we get these jobs to shine And we're feeling, and we're feeling fine In the distance, making holiday time from Hollywood It's Jennifer! I will grant your Hollywood dreams On a thousand silver screens All your dreams come true For you, and you, and you, and you Hit the papers, man, the phones Look out world, it's Bridget Jones Hollywood are coming, and my close-up's all in view A Disney princess, I think that's me A borrows of the caribbean scene The news is born, it's written in the stars And above it all things are really cool At Saint Bernadette's Our school is so full of joy For every gal and boy Patrick, what's happening? Hollywood coming to Coventry, it's like Audrey Hepburn moving to Wolverhampton Patrick, please, is there any way you can get Hollywood to see me? Oh Gordon, I do feel for you, I mean where's your career now? It's behind you! A master, Patrick! It's not really cool, let's make fun of them Our school is so full of joy, forever we go Questions from the parents Mrs. Bevin, would Ollie have to relocate to Hollywood because she can't commute every day?
Last Update: December, 12th 2024