Jefferson Mays:
Look at him
No denying he's humble stuff
But it fills up this poor old heart
When I see how well he's done
Look at him
All the loyalty he has shown
How my fondness for him has grown
Till he's almost like a son
Some might have thought him unsuitable
How quickly he's earned my respect
Who would think that the D'Ysquith We cast aside
Could become such a source of pride
He's that last one you'd expect
Sibella:
Who'd believe that Monty Navarro ever would come so far, so fast?
Never seen a man so keen to over come his past
Now he can live in princely fashion, as the D'Ysquith name requires
He can pursue with all his passion everything he desires
I must go
Monty:
Will I see you again?
Sibella:
Well of course!
Some might have thought him unsuitable
They were of course incorrect.
I always believed in Monty Navarro even though in retrospect
Who would have guess whose bell I'd ring this very afternoon
Tomorrow?
Monty:
Tomorrow
Sibella:
Only just unpacked from my protracted honeymoon
He's the last one you'd expect
Women:
Miss D'Ysquith, pardon me, Mr. Navarro is here to see you
Pheobe:
Look at me
So completely in disarray
Barely able to face the day
Shall I say I'm in disposed?
Look at me
I'm so terribly gray and grim
Yet I'm cheered by the thought of him
Rather more then I'd supposed
Some might have thought him unsuitable
But what was me to object?
Who but he
Stood beside me to comfort me
Out of all of the family
He's the last one you'd expect.
Ensemble:
Look at him (look at him now)
No denying his humble start (who would have guessed)
But if fills up this poor old heart (I am impressed how he's progressed)
When I see how well he's done (a wife omits her obligations, is allowed to have her fun)
Look at him (look at him)
All the loyalty he has shown (look what he's shown)
How my fondness for him has grown (how my fondness has grown)
Till he's almost like a son (aaaaaaAAAAAaaaaa)
Some might have thought him unsuitable
But if they took a pause to reflect
They would seize
On his matchless ability
He's the best of the brink oh
He's the last one you'd expect
Monty:
Only two people left still alive who stand between the Eldum and me
Only two who survive who are still above me, on the D'Ysquith family tree
Is the next one my employer, Asquith D'ysquith?
But he has treated me so well
How ungrateful to remove him after all his kindness oh what hell
But remember he was hateful, Asquith D'Ysquith, was the cause of mothers grief
He denied her
Vilified her
Took away her birth right like a thief
On the other hand
Has he not been rather decent
Making me successor
Must admit I hate to do it
I've grown rather fond of him
And?
Pardon me Mr. Navarro, It is my sad duty to report that Lord Asquith D'Ysquith has gone to his great reward.
OH NO, what's happened?
Heart attack. At least he did not suffer sir.
Only one person left still alive that stands between the Eldum and me
(Only one, ONLY ONE, Only One, who stands between the Eldum and he)
Only one above me on the tree
Look at him (look at him)
Thanks to him I have been reveled
By his much true in fortitude
He's the last one you'd except
Spoken, Jefferson Mays:
After the tragic demise of Lady Salomé, the sudden death of Lord Asquith D'Ysquith brings to seven the number of heirs to the D'Ysquith fortune who have died since last year.
Sibella:
Hmm? How very lucky for Monty Navarro
Ensemble:
How astounding
How Peculiar
It's astounding and peculiar
Yes how utterly peculiar
Monty Navarro, how have you come so very far?
Monty Navarro, earnest and circumspect
Monty Navarro, no one knows who you really are
Who would ever suspect
Monty Navarro, Monty Navarro, MONTY NAVARRO
I am the next Earl of High Herst and the last one you'd expect!
Last Update: June, 23rd 2014