Noah: (spoken) You came! All of you animals actually showed up!
(sung) Welcome aboard!
(spoken) The quadrupeds! The marsupials
(sung) Welcome aboard!
(spoken) The rodents! And the wallabies!
(sung) Welcome aboard!
I'm so glad to see you here,
On a ship without an ocean.
You've been so brave, to enter willingly,
And trust in a captain that none of us can see.
I told the world this day would come,
They said I'd lost my mind,
But seeing you has reassured my heart,
My faith was more than blind
(spoken) My family! You have to meet my family!
(whistles) Hurry it up! I can't wait for them to see you.
Oh, you've travelled very far, you must be hungry.
(sung) Welcome aboard!
Though no one knows what lies ahead,
On this voyage like no other,
Still I believe, before this journey ends,
All of us creatures are sure to be best friends.
(spoken) Ah, you came just like God said. And you even found your own stalls.
Oh, here they are, my family! Okay, so they're a little overwhelmed by you
animals but, uh, my family! Okay, this is my oldest son Japheth, my rock, and his stylish wife Sariah.
Moving on, uh, they're a little shy, this is my youngest,
Shem, isn't he cute, and his new bride, Martha.
And this beautiful creature right here is my wife, Eliza. You see, Eliza, they came just like I said.
Isn't it a miracle, doesn't it just take your breath away?
Eliza: (spoken) It certainly does.
Noah: I'd introduce you to my other son Ham, but as usual, he's late...
Eliza: Noah...
Noah: We'll talk
Eliza: Noah, these introductions aren't necessary, they're animals.
Noah: Eliza! They're family.
(sung) Hey, hey, hey, ha hey, yeah.
You must believe there are miracles,
Because today is our lucky day, yeah,
One just came true.
Eliza: (sung) Noah, honey, don't go near them,
I don't think that they've been feed.
Noah: I'll show you they're not ferocious.
Eliza: I think your father's losing his head
(Family talking, lion roars, Noah cries out, family scream)
Noah: (spoken) I'm kidding! It's a joke.
Family: (sung) Hey, hey, hey, ha hey, yeah.
You must believe there are miracles,
Because today is our lucky day, yeah,
One just came true.
Japheth: Now I see why thirty cubits, is the height it needed to be.
Sariah: Look at all these birds and beasts, their colours are a sight to see.
Martha: This couple here's so cute and cuddly, holding paws in loving ways.
Shem: Do you think they understand? If we command, will they obey?
Japheth: (spoken) Only one way to find out.
Shem: (spoken) Sit! Stay... Wow!
Family: (sung) Hey, hey, hey, ha hey, yeah.
You must believe there are miracles,
Because today is our lucky day, yeah,
One just came true.
Japheth and Sariah: It took us centuries and lots of gopher trees to build.
Noah: But when you came on board this ark, it was my heart you truly filled.
Women: Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah.
All: Hey, hey, yeah, yeah.
Noah: Welcome aboard!
On this day of miracles,
Would that all the world believed them.
So many years I cried out to no avail,
And just when I thought that I might have failed,
Shem and Martha: A power much greater than ours prevailed,
All: And showed us a ship with no ocean soon would sail!
We'll sail!
Noah: Welcome aboard!
[Thanks to Adam for lyrics]
Last Update: March, 10th 2026