Toddy
Nowhere I know, no matter where I go
Seduces men like Paris does, en masse.
The streets of Pigalle, the bars of Les Halles,
The brass'ries and caf?s at Montparnasse.
The cabarets and bistros where the writer or artiste goes
Are as much a part of Paris as La Tour Eiffel!
The rest'rants for purists
The nightclubs for the tourists,
We have those in abundance as well!
Paree can be a dangerous affair.
She offers far more follies than The Follies Berg?res!
For sheer sophistication, plus some higher education,
The smarter set can't wait to step this way.
For here at Club "Chez Lui"
As you're all about to see,
We'll tell you straight why Gay Paree is gay.
Paris by night... Paree la nuit,
Seduces us in ways we don't expect to be.
She has magic from which ev'n a Houdini can't be free
'Cause Paris by night has mystery
That's haunted us and taunted us through history.
Shady secrets she is all too aware we long to share.
That's why it is, I guess, we all adore her
And hunger to explore her hidden charms.
She fools us all because she's so capricious,
But nothing's more delicious than to sleep in her arms.
For Paris by night's the only way
To realize that all in all it's night time not the day
That sets her apart, wins ev'ry heart,
And makes all our dreams take flight.
There's no dream you can't find in Paris...
Paree by night!
That's why it is, I guess, we all adore her
And hunger to explore her hidden charms
She fools us all because she's so capricious
But nothing's more delicious than to sleep in her arms
But Paris by night you can't condemn;
They say she's really at her best from two to six a.m.!
C'est vrais, she's sublime!
Nighttime's the time
When all of our dreams take flight
There's no dream you can't find in Paris,
Paree by night!
[CHEERS]
Toddy
Ah, thank you, thank you! You're most kind...In fact, you're every kind!
Toddy
Ah, thank you, thank you! You're most kind...In fact, you're every kind!
[To Richard]
You know, you should be ashamed
of yourself bringing your old mother to a place like this!
Woman
Up yours, Cheri!
Henri
Stop, wait, please! Toddy apologize at once!
Toddy
Why isn't she his mother?
Woman
We are leaving!
Henri
I'm warning you, Toddy, if you do that again, I will fire
you in spite of your "body old".
Last Update: January, 08th 2014