[1955 Doc Brown, (Backing Chorus), Both]
No more hunger, no more pain; they're things of the past
Peace and love is all we'll ever know
With no more work or money we'll be happy at last
The sun will follow everywhere we go
(There's no more crime in the future
Just summertime in the future
We're out of time 'cause the future's now...)
I got myself a time machine
Imagine what we'll see
In the 21st century!
Flying cars and strange machines will fill up the sky
Trips to Mars will happen everyday
Exercising while you're sleeping; give it a try
Watch TV while inches fall away
(There's no more flair in the future
You'll have great hair in the future
Time to prepare 'cause the future's now...)
I like the way this baby feels
I can't wait to be
In the 21st Century!
So many things I need to share
I get to prove them everywhere
Experimentally
In the 21st century!
The new world will be shiny and bright (Ah-ah-ah)
It will be a delight (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
Everything bakelite
And since we've given up cash (Ah-ah-ah)
No more markets will crash (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
And we'll vaporize trash
Just imagine playing all day (Ah-ah-ah)
And with double the pay; (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
Wouldn't that be okay?
It's like the new kingdom come (It's like the new kingdom!)
And it's nothin' but fun
The new millennium!
(He's got star power)
I got myself a time machine (Meteor shower)
Imagine what we'll see (And it's his hour!)
In the 21st century!
Just think of what we're gonna find! (Here, let's fine tune it)
A world that's gonna blow your mind! (Put his mind to it)
Imagine what will be (And as time prove it)
In the 21st century!
{Instrumental break}
[Doc Brown, (Backing Chorus), Both]
I got myself a time machine; (It's a miracle)
I need to keep it really clean! (Astro-lyrical)
Beyond this galaxy (It's a miracle)
In the 21st century!
I really dig this stainless steel (He'll go far and wide)
It feels so good behind the wheel! (He'll history write)
I can't wait to be (In the coolest night)
In the 21st century!
I can't wait to be...
In the 21st century!
Last Update: September, 26th 2023