Ba Da bup bow
Ba da da buda bup bow
Bidi bup ba baww
I'm only working at this pizza hut
to pay my way through college.
Selling chicken wings and bread sticks to a fat ass clientel.
Its not as if I plan on working here forever.
Cause one day, its goin be
these ideas are goin sell
Wouldn't you wanna buy a car that has jet wings?
Or how about a space craft that will warp me through time.
Wouldn't you wanna own a piece of tomorrow?
I'm goin be the one to show you, cause I'm the on the vision flows through.
And though you may not see what i see...
I'm a boy with dreams!
ba da da dow be be be di da ba ba da woah!
When i was eight years old I would show my mom inventions of things
I knew that one day I would think up and create.
I would draw up plans and i would sketch things out.
These models and designs that I knew were in my fate.
That's when I knew I'd build a car that has jet wings.
That's when I thought a space craft that would warp me through time.
That's when I knew I'd own a piece of tomorrow.
Im goin be the one to show you cause I'm the one the vision flows through.
And though you may not see what I see...
I'm the boy with dreams!
Ba da bi di di di di ba woah.
What about ice cubes that never melt?
Or playing cards that deal themselves?
What about clothing that never needs to be washed?
Or keys that beep every time their lost?
What about a light switch that was voice controlled?
Or glassware that kept your soft drink cold?
A computer that typed any word you spoke?
Or a parasool set that never broke?
There is always that car that has jet wings.
To jump without the netting, with my heart and guts are bedding, just like that car.
I'm goin fly so far.
I'm goin give the world that a car the has jet wings.
And show you all a spacecraft that will warp me through time.
I know you wanna own a piece of my tomorrow.
I'm goin be the one to show you
Cause im the one the vision flows through.
And though you may not see what i see...
I'm the boy with dreams!!!!
YEAAH!!!!
Last Update: April, 22nd 2014