CONNOR:
Dear Evan Hansen,
We've been way too out of touch
Things have been crazy and it sucks that we don't talk that much
I should tell you that I think of you each night
I rub my nipples and start moaning with delight
EVAN: (spoken) Why would you write that?
JARED: (spoken) I'm just trying to tell the truth
EVAN:
(spoken) You know what? If you aren't going to take this seriously...
JARED: (spoken) Okay you need to calm yourself!
EVAN: (spoken) This has to be perfect, okay?
The emails have to prove that we were actually friends.
They've got to be completely realistic
JARED: (spoken) There is nothing unrealistic about the love that one man feels for another.
EVAN: (spoken) Let's go back.
JARED: (spoken) In fact, it's something quite beautiful.
EVAN: (spoken) Let's go back Jared!
CONNOR: I've gotta tell you life without you has been hard
JARED: (spoken) Hard?
CONNOR: Has been bad
JARED: (spoken) Bad?
CONNOR: Has been rough
JARED: (spoken) Lame!
CONNOR: And I miss talking about life and other stuff
JARED: (spoken) Very specific
EVAN: (spoken) Shut up
CONNOR: I like my parents
JARED: (spoken) Who says that?
CONNOR:
I love my parents
But each day's another fight
If I stop smoking drugs then everything might be alright
JARED: (spoken) Smoking drugs
EVAN: (spoken) Just fix it!
JARED: (spoken) This isn't realistic at all! It doesn't even sound like Connor!
EVAN: (spoken) Well I want to show that I was a good friend,
Y'know? That I was trying to help him
JARED: (spoken) You are just cute as a freaking button
CONNOR: If I stop smoking crack
EVAN: (spoken) Crack?!
CONNOR:
If I stop smoking pot then everything might be alright
I'll take your advice
I'll try to be more nice
I'll turn it around
Wait and see
It’s all that it takes
Is a little reinvention
It’s easy to change if you give it your attention
All you gotta do is just believe you can be who you want
to be sincerely, me
JARED: (spoken) Are we done yet?
EVAN: (spoken) Well I mean I can't just show them one email
JARED: (spoken) Okay, please stop hyperventilating
EVAN: (spoken) I'm not hyperventilating
JARED: (spoken) You're having considerable trouble breathing
EVAN: (spoken) I'm having no trouble breathing
JARED: (spoken) Do you need a paper bag to breath into?
EVAN: (spoken) I'm not hyperventilating!
EVAN: (sung)
Dear Connor Murphy,
Yes I've also missed our talks
Stop doing drugs
Just try to take deep breaths and go on walks
I'm sending pictures of the most amazing trees
JARED: (spoken) No!
EVAN: You'll be obsessed with all my forest expertise
JARED: (spoken) Ridiculous!
EVAN:
Dude I'm proud of you
Just keep pushing through
You're turning around
I can see
CONNOR: Just wait and see
ALL:
It’s all that it takes
Is a little reinvention
It’s easy to change if you give it your attention
All you gotta do is just believe you can be who you want to be sincerely, me
CONNOR: My sister's hot
EVAN: (spoken) What the hell?
JARED: (spoken) My bad
CONNOR: Dear Evan Hansen, thanks for every note you send
EVAN: Dear Connor Murphy, I'm just glad to be your friend
EVAN & CONNOR: Our friendship goes beyond your average kind of bond
But not because we're Gay
No not because we're gay
We're close, but not that way
The only man that I love is my dad
CONNOR: Well anyway
EVAN: You're getting better everyday
CONNOR: I'm getting better everyday
EVAN & CONNOR: We're getting better everyday
ALL: Hey hey hey hey!
It’s all that it takes
Is a little reinvention
It’s easy to change if you give it your attention
All you gotta do is just believe you can be who you want to be sincerely,
Miss you dearly
Sincerely Me
Sincerely Me
Sincerely Me
Sincerely Me
Last Update: September, 29th 2025