Sukie:
Sukie sitting int he corner and wel...just..you know.
Sukie tries to talk a little and well..just..you know.
Sukie rises up to speak and she almost...oh pooh.
Sukie sits back down politely and...here's hoping that...you know,
cause I don't have a clue.
Oh word, words, words, I can never find the words, words, words...
I can never find the words.
All these words inside me now, but not much inner peace.
All these words inside me now, just aching for release.
Darryl:
And if I said that I would listen, might that ease the doubt? yes,
if I said "I'm here to listen", what would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
Sukie:
I'd like to talk about the night, I'd like to talk about the day,
I'd like to talk about the weather: but I guess thats just cliche.
I'd like to talk a little Latin, maybe talk a little Greek.
I'd like to talk about the arts: I rented "Hamlet" just last week.
I'd like to talk about my poems, why I shy away from rhymes.
I'd like to talk about that letter I had published in the Times.
I'd like to talk about Euripides, and Schopenhauer and Bach:
and if there's any doubt remaining, I'd be happy just to talk.
But words, words, words, I can never find the words, words, words:
words, words, words, words.
I'd like to talk about the deepest sort of secrets that I hold,
I'd like to talk about the underlying truth if truth be told.
Talk about the touching that can bring the tension out...
I'd like to talk about the things I guess I shouldn't talk about.
I'd like to talk about my feelings when the lights are turned down low.
I'd like to talk about my needs, above the covers and below.
I'd like to talk about my fantasies by light of evening star:
I'd like to talk about a lot of things!
Darryl:
And Sukie dear: you are!!
Sukie:
But words, words, words, words, words, words, words...!
I'd like to talk about the world I never get to see from home.
I'd like to talk about Curacus and the Pleiades and Rome.
I'd like to talk about the rise,
I'd like to talk about the fall,
or maybe talk about the doings at your basic Bachannal.
Oh, not that approve, but when all is said and done:
I mean, you gotta give them this,
the Romans sure could have some fun!
And then of course, you've got the French,
the Pakistanis and the Dutch, and tell me Darryl is it me,
or am I talking way too much?
I'd like to talk about the heroes that can always give me hope,
I'd like to talk about Debergerac, and Batman and the Pope.
Talk about the future, maybe talk about the past:
or maybe talk a lot of nothing, only say it really fast!
Talk about society, maybe talk abut the rot,
or maybe talk about the egrets...though I'd really rather not.
Talk about the meadows or the flowers or the birds,
I mean I'd talk about it all if I could only find the words!
I'd like to talk a bit of this, or maybe talk a bit of that,
or maybe talk a bit of Folderol and chew a little fat.
Talk about the A's, maybe talk about the Z's,
and try and make it through the alphabet as pretty as you please.
Talk about a book, or maybe talk about a play,
or maybe talk about a million things I'll never get to say.
I'd talk about myself but who would give a damn?
I'd like to talk about a lot of things: and look at me,
I am! I am! I am! I am! I....am!!!
Last Update: November, 14th 2024