(Performs - Company)
Natuica:
Hey girl, we killed and we know it, dont need that gold to show it when we know it inside
Nautica,LaCienega: Hey Girl
LaCienega: We got the people screamin, just like we were dreaming,
I know im satisfied
Nautica,LaC,Campbell: Hey Girl
Campbell: Look how far we've come now,
at first you couldn't stand me now you think im all right, right?
Danielle: Right
Nautica,LaC,Campbell,Dani: Hey Girl
Danielle:
I thought you were a spoiled rich, uptight little white bitch now I think you're just white.
Girls: And in twenty years, it's not a big ole trophy that i'll miss
All: but ill always smile when I remember this.
Girls: I got you
Boys: You
Girls: I got you
Boys: You
Girls: To hang out with when the day is through, got no cash, got no wheels
but I know how being lucky feels, got your hand in my hand, got your back,
I know you got mine too, I got you
Brigit: I got you like pokemon and pikachu, ron and hermione, baby we get freaky.
I got you like biggy and puffy.
Skylar: Like Oprah and Gale
Kylar: Big Bird and Snuffy
Brigit: I got you like Sam and Frodo, like Dorothy and ToTo
Randall: Notre Dame and Quazzy Moto
Twig: Like Lucy and Ricky
Nautica: Like Brad and Angelina
LaCienega: Word, we be holding court like Venus and Serena
All: Oh! Times goes on, I dont know how, all we have is here and now,
before you know it high school's in the past.
Randall: High school\'s in the past
All: Racing Through our senior year
Danielle: Racing Through!
All: but while we're here let's
Girls: make the moment last
Girls: make the moment last
Guys: make the moment last
Guys: make the moment last
Girls: make the moment last
Guys: make the moment last
Guys: make the moment
All: Make the moment last.
Campbell: And in twenty years its not a shiny trophy that I'll miss
Girls: But I'll always smile when I remember this
Guys: Hey, hey, hey, hey ,hey, hey, let\'s go!
All: I got you
Some Girls: You
All: I got you
Some Girls: You
All: To hang out with when the day is through,
Some Girls: oh, ohh, oh, oh, oh
All:  got no cash, got no wheels but I know how being lucky feels,
got your hand in my hand, got your back, I know you got mine too, I got you.
Girls: I got you,  To hang out with when the day is through, we got you, you got me
Guys: I got youuuuu, oh, ooh, oh, oh, oh, you got meeeeee
Girls: growing close like we\'re supposed to be
All: I got joy, I got life and I know no matter what I do,
Guys: I got you, I got you
Girls: I got you, I got you, I got you, I got you
Guys: I got you, IIIIIIII got you
All: I gooooooooootttttttt
Guys: hey, hey , hey,  hey
Girls: you        you         you
Guys:       I got,      I got       I got
All: I GOT YOU!
Last Update: February, 01st 2015