[USHER]
On days his blackness feels like another hurdle
That won't get out of his way
His inner?white?girl starts kicking?like a baby
She wants to come?out and play
She doesn't care if she ruffles any feathers
In fact, that is her M.O
Where he's the king of avoiding confrontation
There's not a bomb she won't throw
Because
White girls can do anything, can't they?
Black boys must always obey their mothers
White girls can do anything, can't they?
Can't they?
Can't they?
Can't they?
Some days he feels like his blackness (is you) is a treasure (Is you)
That's under constant attack
(H-h-h-h-h-h-hey)
His inner white girl protects (is you) it from marauders (is you)
She always takes up the slack
(H-h-h-h-h-h-hey)
She lets him feel like a human supernova
Like he could conquer the Earth
Like he's the heir to the power and oppression
Her kind have wielded since birth
Because
[USHER + CAST]
White girls can do anything, can't they?
Black boys must always obey their mothers
White girls can do anything, can't they?
Can't they?
Can't they?
Can't they?
[USHER]
They get to be cool, tall, vulnerable, and luscious
They get to be wild and unwise
They get to be shy and introspective
They get to make noise
They get to mesmerize
Black boys don't get be cool, tall, vulnerable, and luscious
Don't get to be wild and unwise
Don't get to be shy and introspective
Don't get to make noise
Don't get to fantasize
His blackness doesn't look blue in any moonlight
Which makes him harder to see
That's why he clings to his silly inner white girl
The same one clinging to me
We wanna be free
We wanna belong
We wanna unearned love or validation
But neither come easily
So her siren song
Keeps us in total subjugation
(Total subjugation!)
We want to be cool, tall, vulnerable and luscious (White girls can do anything, can't they?)
We want to be wild and unwise (Black boys must always obey their mothers)
We want to be shy and introspective (White girls can do anything, can't they?)
We want to make noise, we wanna mesmerize (Can't they, can't they, can't they?)
Why can't we be cool, tall, vulnerable and luscious? (White girls can do anything, can't they?)
Why can't we express in our own way? (Can't they, can't they, can't they?)
Why can't we unleash what's locked inside us?
Who made up these rules black boys must always obey?
Last Update: July, 18th 2022