Christine: Gustave...
The Phantom: What is it?
Christine: Gustave
The Phantom: What's wrong?
Christine: Gustave!
The Phantom: What's wrong?!
Christine: He should be here, he was meant to be here!
The Phantom: It's that idiot Raoul,
Why I'll kill that drunken fool!
That he dare take this child
A child that isn't his
Mr. Squelch!
Squelch: Sir?
The Phantom: Seal the port, blockade each road
Call in every favour that I'm owed
I'll be damned if he leaves this isle!
Squelch: The Vicomte de Chagney left here in a carriage
Saw with my own eyes, sir
There was no one with him
The Phantom: Are you quite certain he left here alone?
Squelch: Sir, was there anyone else here backstage?
The Phantom: Yes. Yes...
Madame Giry, she was here, with her vicious little sneer
And that comment she made
The ungrateful back-biting snake!
She's been greedy, yes indeed,
She'll get hers now guaranteed!
Go now, quickly, bring her round
Bring the boy safe and sound
Then I'll tear her limb from limb!
Madame Giry: What is the meaning of this? How dare your minions manhandle me in this fashion? I demand an answer.
The Phantom: The boy woman! What have you done with him?
Madame Giry: The boy, you think I took the boy? Why would I do such a thing? Do you think I don't know who he is?
All these years,
Who has been more faithful more than I? No one!
The Phantom: Giry!
Madame Giry: All these years,
How can you think I'd hurt that child?
The Phantom: My patience is running dry!
Madame Giry: All these years,
I've been mother to you and Christine as much as my daughter
The Phantom: Enough!
Madame Giry: Do you think I don't know it hurts to see one's own child brought to harm?
The Phantom: Gustave! Gustave! Gustave!
Fleck: Sir
I just passed Meg's dressing room
It was empty as a tomb
But her mirror was smashed all in pieces on the floor
The Phantom: Meg!
Madame Giry: My god...
Fleck: And I saw her down the hall
Pulling someone pale and small
And she looked all about
And the scurried out the door
Madame Giry: God, I left her so distraught
Please, who knows just what she thought
I'm afraid she's come undone
But she won't hurt him
Meg would never hurt him
How could she hurt him?
The Phantom: I know where they've gone. But we must hurry!
Madame Giry: In that crowd? There are millions of people out there!
Christine: Gustave...my poor Gustave...
The Phantom: There's no time to waste!
Christine: Gustave!
Gustave! Gustave!
The Phantom: You there! Stop!
Christine: That's not him!
Madame Giry: Meg!
The Phantom: I think I see them; this way!
Christine: Gustave is that -- I'm so sorry!
Madame Giry: Meg, please! It's okay!
The Phantom: To the pier, now! Hurry!
Last Update: October, 16th 2014