Lucy:
When do the good things start? It better be soon. It's practically noon-time.
And so for nothing, zero, here I am here over here! Stop taking all year!
Linus:
When do the good things start? Assuming they do. Can anyone clue me?
If I am not mis-taken, somebody's takin' their time. It looks like I'm...stuck with my party hat.
Lucy:
Won't have no use for that noisemaker. Note takers. Okay!
Linus:
I'm gonna close my eyes, and count up to ten, then ask you again world.
Whatever fun you may have what do ya say have a heart!
Lucy & Linus:
When do the good things start?
Sally:
When do the good things start? I'll pack a small case. The time and the place, please.
I think I'll wear my blue dress. Yellow, no, blue, yes. I think, I'll wear my pink!
Patty:
When do the good things start? Don't wanna be late. I gotta know straight out.
I've got some gum I'd part with, if you don't start without me! It's sugar-free!
Charlie Brown:
Hey where's the party at? I'll get my party hat.
Lucy; Forget it.
Snoopy:
I bet it's for me!
All(but Snoopy):
No beagles!
Snoopy:
When do the good things start? Maybe they have. A bugle will travel.
I'll wear my formal collar. Give me a hollor sweetheart!
All:
When do the good things start?
Snoopy:
Break out the root beer, and in a few licks, you can teach this old dog new tricks.
Won't need an invite, In like a flash, kid. All that it takes is a dash of panashkid.
When there's a party they beg me to crash kid!
Charlie Brown:
When does the bus depart? Don't go without me. You know that I'll be there.
Snoopy:
'Cause I'm a born free loader, high ala-moater, big max!
And I make tracks! Where's my lampshade?
I do mean lampshade. I mean, have my vamp played good and loud and
clear the floor for me one more root beer then no more for me.
Girl:
I'm gonna close my eyes and count up to ten, then ask you again, world.
Whatever fun you may have what do you say have a heart?
Guys (with girls):
Break out the root beer and in a few licks, you can teach this old dog new tricks.
Won't need an invite, in like a flash kid, all that it takes is dash of panashkid.
All (but Snoopy):
Ah!
Snoopy (with others):
When there's a party they beg me to crash kid!
All:
Well, did you play it smart? You'll play it away, so what d'ya say, world?
Don'y want to keep us waiting, procrastinating so hard!
Our good is the good things start right now! Now!
Last Update: March, 30th 2015