Nick: Baby, Baby, Baby.
Listen to your Papa!
Hey there pretty baby better hurry and get here!
Baby, Baby, Baby.
See your pretty Momma?
Don't you know the minute that you get your foot set here
You're gonna be loved!
Pam: You're gonna be loved!
Nick: You're gonna be held. You're gonna be kissed. You're gonna feel warm.
Pam: Warm.
Nick: You're gonna feel fine. You're gonna get.
Both: All that I got handy, Silver spoons and candy.
Nick: Baby, Baby, Baby.
Lord, how you are wanted.
I got all this love dressed up with no place to go.
Whoa whoa whoa!
Pam: Whoa whoa whoa!
Nick: Maybe Baby, Baby gonna love you so.
Arlene: My family always joked about the boy that they got.
And though we laughed I always kind of believed it.
Then I met you and found that boy I was not.
Set out to be a girl and almost achieved it.
But to confirm that this is truly my love,
I needed one thing more and now I've conceived it.
So I've got to say this
Sit still you're gonna hear it.
I said I'd pay you back you see, for all the life you gift to me what better present could there be. I'm gonna bring a baby back home!
Alan: Baby, Baby, Baby.
Nick, Pam, and Arlene: We'll bring our baby back home
Alan: It's your captain speaking!
Nick, Pam, and Arlene: We'll bring our baby back home!
Alan: Here's the first announcement that I wanted your ears hear!
All: You're gonna be loved, You're gonna be loved, You're gonna be bounced, You're gonna be poked, You're gonna be moved, You're gonna be ours. You're gonna have...
Danny: Lotions for your body.
Lizzie: Grandmas who go dotty.
All: Nurses who will place you on your solid silver potty! Yeah!
Lizzie, Danny: Baby, Baby, Baby.
Nick, Pam, Alan, Arlene: Bring our baby back home!
Lizzie, Danny: See how you have changed us! Nothing stays the same once baby comes by us. Wha wha wha
Nick, Pam, Alan, Arlene: Wha Wha. Wha, Wha Wha!
Danny: Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby etc.
Alan: Baby etc.
Nick: Baby etc.
Gonna love you
All build: Love you
All: So!
Last Update: February, 10th 2016