MIKE: Do you know what it's like
To be in love with you,
To have my heart still love you
When my mind knows it's not true?
Do you know what it's like
To be in love with you,
Not to remember what my life was like
Before I first met you?
Do you know what it's like when I lie in bed
And I think of you and the things you've said,
How they're almost exactly all the things that I've said, too?
But there's one word missing and it comes before 'love?
And I think it doesn't matter, what we have is enough,
But what we have isn't in so I don't know what to do?
Oh, do you know?
STEVE: Do you know what it's like
Not to be in love with you,
Not to have my heart obey
What my mind wants to be true?
Do you know what it's like
Not to be in love with you,
But to like you, love you, cherish you,
idolize you and protect you?
Do you know what it's like to look into your eyes
And see what I know you don't see in mine
Though I pray it might be so the whole night through.
Do you know what it's like
to have to let go of your hand
and to start another life, a life I don't understand,
and live the rest of my life knowing how much I've hurt you?
Oh, do you know?
KATE: I know I'll never find your lovin' in anyone else,
Though I'll try'oh, and I'll try?
And I know I'll never find your smile in anyone else,
Though I'll try'oh, and I'll try?
ROBERTA: If someone were to come up to me
and say that they knew how
to love you better, I'd say,'Buddy,
step into the ring  you're going down.?
I'd fight a guy for you. I'd fight a girl for you.
I'd fight myself, you know I would,
If I thought it'd do any good.
Oh, do you know?
STEVE: Do you know what it's like...not to be in love with you
MIKE: Do you know what it's like...to be in love with you
KATE: I know I'll never find your lovin' in anyone else
ROBERTA ...in anyone else
STEVE: not to have my heart obey what my mind wants to be true?
MIKE: oh...when my mind knows it's not true?
KATE: though I'll try... oh, and I'll try.
ROBERTA: ...though I'll try...oh, and I'll try.
STEVE: Do you know what it's like...not to be in love with you
MIKE: Do you know what it's like...to be in love with you
KATE: And I know I'll never find your smile in anyone else
ROBERTA: ...in anyone else
STEVE: but to like you, love you, cherish you, idolize you, and protect you?
MIKE: but to like...and love...
KATE: though I'll try... oh, and I'll try.
ROBERTA: ...though I'll try...oh, and I'll try.
STEVE: Do you know what it's like to look into your eyes
and to see what I know you don't see in mine
MIKE: Do you know what it's like when I lie in bed
KATE: If someone were to come...
ROBERTA: If someone were to come up to me and say that they knew how
STEVE: though I'd pray it might be so, the whole night through?
MIKE: and I think of you, and the things you've said?
KATE: and say they knew of love...
ROBERTA: to love you better, I'd say, 'Buddy, step into the ring  you're going down.?
STEVE: Do you know what it's like to have to let go of your hand
and to start another life, a life I don't understand
MIKE: Well, there's one word not there, and it comes before love?...
KATE: I'd tell them it's not true...
ROBERTA: I'd fight a guy for you. I'd fight a girl for you.
STEVE: and live the rest of my life knowing how much I've hurt you?
MIKE: Does it matter? Is what we have enough?
KATE: No one can love like you.
ROBERTA: I'd fight myself you know I would if I thought it would do any good.
ALL: Oh, do you know?
K: How to look into your eyes...
STEVE: To let go of your hand...
ROBERTA: To start another life...
MIKE: I just don't understand.
Last Update: June, 10th 2013