Bronco:
If it didn't go fast, could rock-n-roll make you wanna twist,
Make you wanna shout, make you wanna dance?
And if it didn't go fast, would a roller coaster make you wanna scream,
Make you wanna gasp, make you wanna wet your pants?
Tex:
And if it didn't go fast, could fast food have ever caught on?
You gotta order fast, eat fast, leave.
You can slow up for the drive through a little bit, but if you gotta do,
You gotta order fast, eat fast, leave.
B,t:
'Cuz if it didn't go fast, it would never really last, so it better go fast.
Loretta:
Listen up now.
And if it didn't go fast, would kittyhawk have ever taken off,
Would a man have ever made it to the moon?
And if it didn't go fast, could the enterprise enter hyperspace,
Could superman ever catch a goon?
Tex:
Or how about batman, thing, the flash, or flash gordon,
Spiderman, or supergirl, or thor?
Broken:
Or how about the x-men, mod squad, josie and the pussycats,
Scooby doo, the fantastic four?
B,t,l:
They all went fast, 'cuz they had to go fast, 'cuz they wanted to last.
We fall in love fast, so we can take the rest of life slow;
'Cause once you've gone to love, there ain't no place else to go.
So you better fall in love fast,or someone else just might.
Gentlemen, start your engines; buckle your seatbelts tight!
B: 'cuz if it didn't go fast, could a kawasaki ever pop a wheely?
T: could a jeep do donuts in the parking lot?
L: could a motorbike jump over a monster truck?
B: could a monster truck jump over a motorbike?
T: could mary lou have ever scored the perfect ten?
L: could martina have ever won at wimbledon?
B: could gretsky have ever won the stanley cup?
T: could ty cobb have ever batted three-sixty-seven?
B,t,l: no! They had to go fast, 'cuz they wanted to last.
B: well if it didn't go fast, would light ever reach us from the sun,
Or would the earth grow dark and freeze?
T: and, if it didn't go fast, could fiber optic cable ever carry light
Across the country into our tvs?
L: if it didn't go fast, could i ever watch mtv or tnt or hbo or nickelodeon?
T: if it didn't go fast, could i download porn?
Just kidding 'bout the porn, you're the only porn i need.
B,t,l: 'cuz if it didn't go fast, it would never really last, so it better go fast.
Last Update: January, 17th 2014