Mike: well i was walkin? Down the hall, just beginning my day,
When i see this guy, and he's comin' my way.
My heart starts thumping and my hands start to sweat
This is the closest thing to heaven that i'm ever gonna get.
I sit in class dreaming with a smile on my face.
The teacher calls on me but i'm still floatin' in space.
And she hands me back my quiz and i see all the things i missed
And she asks what the explanation is. I say
Well it looks like love, and it sounds like love,
And it seems like love, and it feels like love;
And it walks like love, and it talks like love,
And it runs like love, and it skips like love;
And it hurts like love, disappoints like love,
Disappears like love, reappears like love.
And it shouts like love and it sings like love
So guess what, my friend, i think?
I think i got love.
Steve: you think you got love?
Mike: yeah, i think i got love.
Steve: yeah, you think you got love?
Mike: yeah, it might be love.
Steve: you think it could be love.
Mike: i think it could be love.
Steve: man, i hope it's love, 'cuz at the game
I looked up at the crowd and thought i saw this guy
Who was lookin' at me, though i could not imagine why.
My head started spinning, and it just kept gettin' worse,
And so right after the game, i headed straight down to the nurse.
She said,'you don't have a fever, you don't have the flu;
I don't think you're pregnant, so i don't have a clue.
But then she checked my heart it was purring like a cat
She smiled at me and said, i think i know what causes that.
She said, 'it looks like love, and it sounds like love,
And it seems like love, and it feels like love;
And it walks like love, and it talks like love,
And it runs like love, and it skips like love;
And it hurts like love, disappoints like love,
Disappears like love, reappears like love.
And it shouts like love and it sings like love
So guess what, my friend, she said?
I think you got love.
Mike: she thought you got love?
Steve: she said it could be love.
Mike: the nurse thought it was love?
Steve: yeah, i just came from her a minute ago and she said it was love.
Mike: you think it could be love?
Steve: i think it could be love.
Mike: man, i hope you got love...
I knew the first moment i saw you.
Steve: really? I didn't know for sure until you started singing a few minutes ago. Up until then,
I don't think i knew what love was.
Mike: you mean you never...
Steve: no, never. You know, being on the football team is not like being on the chess team
We're not the sex symbols
That you guys are.
Mike: oh...well...we're really not sex symbols...
Steve: oh, yeah, right. I never thought that someone like you would...go for someone like me.
Mike: ditto.
M/s: well it looks like love, and it sounds like love,
And it seems like love, and it feels like love;
And it walks like love, and it talks like love,
And it runs like love, and it skips like love;
And it hurts like love, disappoints like love,
Disappears like love, reappears like love.
And it shouts like love and it sings like love
So guess what, my friend, i think?
I think we got lo-oo-oo-ve.
I think we got lo-oo-oo-ve.
I think we got love.
Last Update: January, 17th 2014