Oh! The Deadwood Stage is a-rollin' on over the plains,
With the curtains flappin' and the driver slappin' the reins.
Beautiful sky! A wonderful day!
Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!
Oh! The Deadwood Stage is a-headin' on over the hills,
where the Injun arrows are thicker than porcupine quills.
Dangerous land! No time to delay!
So, Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!
We're headin' straight for town, loaded down, with a fancy cargo,
Care of Wells and Fargo, Illinois - Boy!
Oh! The Deadwood Stage is a-comin' on over the crest,
Like a homing pigeon that's a-hankerin' after its nest.
twenty-three miles we've covered today.
So, Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!
The Deadwood Stage is a -travelling fancy and free,
and the frightened cattle in the shade of the cottonwood tree,
Lift up their heads to ?????.
Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!
There's a hill of gold just a-waiting for a shovel to ring.
When I strike it rich, going to sit in a hammock and swing,
twiddling my thumbs and rockin' away.
Tum tiddley-um, Tum tiddley-um, Tum tiddley-ay.
The wheels go turnin' round, homeward bound,
Can't you hear 'em humming,
Happy times are coming for to stay - hey!
She'll be home tonight by the light of the silvery moon,
And our hearts are thumpin' like a mandolin a-plunking a tune.
When I get home, I'm fixing to stay.
So, Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!
Tum tiddley-um, Tum tiddley-um, Tum tiddley-ay.
Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!, Whip crack-away!
Here they be, here they be. How's about a welcome?
A peaceful sort of welcome for the gang - Bang!
The Deadwood Stage is a-finally home again.
Well excuse my stammer, if it ain't Calamity Jane.
Hi-ya Calam... - What you bring us today?
New rubber boots, Ten dollar suits, things to crochet.
Beads that sparkle like a prism, snake oil for your rheumatism,
Calico and gingham for the girls.
Gumdrops made in Chicag-y, Gumdrops just a trifle soggy,
And a genuine string of artificial pearls.
Here's a hat from Cincinnati, same as Adelina Patti
wore in every famous concert hall.
Cast your eye on Dr. Boris' patent-pending hair restorer,
guaranteed to grow hair on a billiard ball.
Introducin' Henry Miller, just as busy as a fizzy sarsparilla
Ain't a showman and he's smarter, operates the Golden Garter
Where the cream of Deadwood City come to dine
And I'm glad to say he's a very good friend of mine
Here is Charlie form Metuchen,
I've been told he dug for gold but never even struck it.
From ?????, bronco buster,
Injun scout for General Custer,
back in Yellowstone in 1869.
And I'm glad to say he's a very good friend of mine.
Hi Joe, say where d'you get them fancy clothes?
I know! Off some fellow's laundry line.
Hi Beau. Well aren't you the Prairie Rose,
Smelling like a watermelon vine.
Here's a man the Sheriff watches.
On his gun there's more 'n twenty-seven notches.
On the draw there's no-one faster
and you're flirting with disaster
when Bill Hickok's reputation you malign.
But I'm glad to say he's a very good friend, of a friend of mine.
Oh! The Deadwood Stage is entitled to rest today.
In the Golden Slipper the folks are chipper and gay.
Last to the bar?s a three legged crow,
Set 'em up Joe, Set 'em up Joe, Set 'em up Joe.
Drinks on the house, Drinks on the house!
(spoken) Name your poison
(spoken) Make mine sarsaparilly
Set 'em up Joe, Set 'em up Joe, Set 'em up Joe? Set ?em up Joe!
Last Update: June, 10th 2013