Here's how it starts, and here's how it ends
Two different hearts, maybe lovers or friends
No one knows the ways the long road bends
Once every day, your life starts again
No one can say just how or just when
Somehow the world turns inside out and then
Then, what if, what if, what if you wonder what if, what if?
What if I always belonged in the city that moves me with people who thrill me?
The marriage, the mortgage, I left them behind me before they could kill me?
My plan was just perfect, courageous and daring, to start my life new
Now I look at this morning, it moves me to say, 'Oh my God, what the hell did I do?'
I can do this I know, I just need to take care
Be smart, self-sufficient, and hyper-aware
'Cos I'm flirting with 40, there's no time to wait
And I can't help but feel I'm already too late
Tell me what if I'm bound for disaster?
What if I fall off a cliff?
Will I ever just learn how to live and not wonder 'what if?'
What if?
Do I go there with Lucas or stay here with Kate?
Oh God, why do I do this, obsess and debate?
I've been prudent and cautious for all my life long
And most of my choices turn out to be wrong
Tell me how could this make any difference?
How could it matter at all?
How do I make such a major event out of something so small?
Once every day, your life starts again
No one can say just how or just when
Somehow the world turns inside out and then
And then, then, what if, what if, what if you wonder, what if?
See each choice you make is a kind of a loss
Each turn that you take and each coin that you toss
You lose all the choices you don't get to make
You wonder about all the turns you don't take
And so what if I'd gone there with Lucas?
(what if, what if?)
And then what if I'd answered that phone?
(what if, what if?)
Think of all of the things you'd have done if only you'd known
Here's how it starts and here's how it ends
What if I'd gone there with Lucas?
Two different roads, and how each one bends
What if I'd stayed there with Kate?
(And then)
What if? What if?
(Then)
What if? What if I knew
(if you knew what would happen)
What would I do?
(if you knew would you know what to do?)
What if I choose will I change things forever?
When I leap will I fall off the cliff?
I choose and there's no turning back
No turning back
No turning back
And you wonder, 'what if?'
(what if, what if?)
What if?
Last Update: June, 04th 2014