Charles:
I've heard enough you're losing your mind
You're speaking in riddles and the riddles don't rhyme,
You want flying children up there on the stage
Dogs wearing aprons and boys who don't age.
You say I will adore it but I'm paying for it
A little more reality and less of this insanity.
How am I gonna to face it,
such a disgrace yet here we go again and again and again
You are living on a merry go round and round you seem to go and
I'll never understand why
You want people floating weightless Ceilings
Where the floors should be these are all the things
You will find in the circus of your mind.
Mary:
I've resigned myself to spend all my life
To be all the things one expects from a wife.
Your Imagination is where you reside
And my invitation has never arrive
Darling Though you try you cannot deny
She's on every single page of your journal James
Now we have to face it such a disgrace yet
There you go again and again and again
It's like living on a merry-go-round and round we seem to go yet,
I never seem to know why
I'm hearing people whisper quietly friends are now avoiding me
It's over I'm leaving you behind to the circus of your mind
Mrs. Du Maurier
There Has been nothing but trouble
And strife ever since you came in to this family's life
So much disruption the children don't need
And as for my daughter I must interseen.
Everything about you they can do without you take flights of fantasy
I question your morality I told them to ignore you now I must implore you.
Leave them alone stay away we all know
You are living on a merry-go-round and round you seem to go understand
That we have no time for the circus of your mind
Charles:
Clock is ticking James Stanforth Stanforth
Mary:
Laughingstock of London
Mrs. Du Maurier
spare us or crocodile tears Mr. Barrie
All:
Tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock
Charles:
Islands children who are fairies
Mrs. Du Maurier
That man is a grown-up behaving like a boy
All:
It's like living on a marry go round
And round you seem to go no one seems to know why we're doing everything
That we can do to get through to you,
Try to make you see but you're blind in the circus of your mind
In the circus
In the circus
In the circus
Of your mind
Last Update: February, 10th 2016