Winnifred:
(reviewing the Knights) Hey nonny, nonny is it you?
Knight:
Hey nonny, nonny, nonny no!
Winnifred:
Hey nonny, nonny is it you?
Another Knight:
Hey nonny, nonny, nonny no!
Winnifred:
Hey, nonny, nonny is it you, or you, or you, or you, or?
Dauntless:
Nenny, nonny, nenny, nenny!!!
Queen:
No! No! No!
Winnifred:
Someone's being bashful; that's no way to be, not with me.
Can't you see that I am just as embarrassed as you?
And I can understand your point of view.
I've always been? Shy!!
I confess it, I'm shy!
Can't you guess that this confident air
is just a mask that I wear 'cause I'm shy?
And you may be sure way down deep I'm demure,
though some people I know might deny it at bottom I'm quiet and pure!
I'm aware that it's wrong to be meek as I am; my chances may pass me by.
I pretend to be strong, but as weak as I am, all I can do is try.
God knows I? try!
Though I'm frightened and shy!
And despite the impression I give I confess that I'm living a lie?
Because I'm actually terribly timid, and horribly shy?
Though a lady may be dripping with glamour,
as often as not she'll stumble and stammer when suddenly confronted with romance.
And she's likely to fall of her face
when she's finally face-to-face with a pair of pants.
Quite often the lady's not as hard to please as she seems.
Quite often she'll settle for something less than the man of her dreams?
I'm going fishing for a mate!
Knights:
She's going fishing for a mate?
Winnifred:
I'm going to look in ev'ry brook!
Knights:
She's going to look in ev'ry brook?
Winnifred:
But how must longer must I wait with baited breath and hook?
(Knights dance while Winnifred watches)
Winnifred:
Oh! That was wonderful!
And that is why, though 'm painfully shy,
I'm insane to know which sir? you, sir?
Knights:
Not I, sir!
Winnifred:
Then who, sir? Where, sir, and when, sir, I couldn't be tenser
So let's get this done, man get on with the fun, man, I am one man?
Knights:
The lady is one man?
Winnifred and Knights:
Shy!
(King Sextimus doesn't say anything because he was rendered mute by a witch's curse long ago.
But he can still communicate in his own sign language. He knows about Lady Larken's delicate
condition and wants to let his court buddies in on the secret so they can help find a worthy
candidate.)
Jester:
Don't worry, your Majesty, we can keep a secret. The question is?can you?
King:
(mimes) [Me? I can't even talk!]
Minstrel:
We know you can't talk? but you manage to communicate.
Last Update: June, 26th 2013