Babe:
All you gotta do is say hello to a man
And they've got you whispering in his ear
All you gotta is be Polite with him
And they've got you spending the night with HIM
If there's a guy you merely have a bicker with
They've got you setting the wedding date
It seems they've just gotta have some dirt
To bend your ear with
So before you start
I hear with...state
I'm not, at all in love, not at all in love, not I!
Not a bit
Not a might
Though I'll admit he's quite a hunk a guy
But he's not, my cup of tea, not my cup of tea, not he!
Not an ounce
Not a pinch
He's just an inch, too sure of himself for me
Girl: Well of course you've noticed his manly physique and that look in his eye
Girl: Well I'm sure he can cut almost any man out of size!
Girl: He must he as fierce as a tiger when he's mad
Girl: And I'll bet he cries like a little boy when he's sad
Babe: But I'm not at all in love, not at all in love not I!
Not a straw
Not a hair
I don't care if he's as strong as a lion
Or if he has the rest of you sighing
You may be sold but this girl aint buying!!
I'm not at all in love!
Girls: She's not at all in love, not at all in love, oh no
Babe: Not a pin, not a crumb
Girls: Must be the summer heat that gives her that glow
Cuz she's not at all in love, not at all in love, she cries!
Babe: Not a snip, not a bite
Girls: Must be the light from the ceiling shining there in her eyes
He's young and handsome, and smart, and we can't get over it
Babe: but this ladies heart he doesn't effect a bit
Girls: It's easy to see that her daffy grin is a grin she always wears
And she's breathless because she ran up a flight of stairs!
Girls: "obviously"
"naturally"
"Certainly"
"naturally"
"Certainly"
Ha!
She's not at all in love, not at all in love, not she
Babe: No I'm not!
Girls: Not a dot
Babe: Not a touch
Girls: No not much
Babe: When I fall in love, there will be no doubt about it
Cuz you will know by the way that I shout it
Girls (softly): Your shouting
Babe (softly): I haven't fallen
Girls: she hasn't fallen
Babe: I'm not at all in love!
Girls( pick up when she says at): She's not at all in love!
Last Update: June, 28th 2013