(Chorus) Watch dog will get you if you don't watch out
Watch dog sees and watch dog knows.
Watch keeps us on our toes
Watch dog assures you that the laws the law
No exception to the rule, watch dog ain't no fool.
Watch dog protects you, he's out on the prowl.
Guards and checks the best he can ,watch dog is a
fighting man.
Watch dog will throw, he's beam of light around
If some folks don't toe the line, watch dog's light
will shine.
(Solo) Texas has a whorehouse in it.
(Chorus) lord have mercy on our souls.
(Solo) Texas has a whorehouse in it.
(Chorus) lord have mercy on our souls.
(Solo) I'll expose the facts although it fills me with disgust
Please excuse the filthy dark details, and carnal lust.
(Chorus) Filthy dark details, and carnal lust.
(Solo) Dancing going on inside it, don't you see they gone
I inquired no one denied it, now I think I'm getting
riled
Bodies close together, arms and legs all rearranged.
And the sheriff does not close him down.
That's very strange.
(Chorus) Does not close him down ,that's very strange.
(Solo) Mean eyed juiced up brillitene honkytonk cowboys.
(Chorus) Oh no
(Solo) Mixing with green eyed thin lipped hard as nails
peroxide blonds.
(Chorus) Oh no
(Solo) Not to mention some types ,that you never guess would
venture near.
I can all depraved and loose and wild, ninety miles
from here.
And now our own Melvin P Thorp Sangers.
(Chorus) Texas has a whorehouse in it
(Solo) I'll not let this scandal fade
(Chorus) Texas has a whorehouse in it
(Solo) All uprooting , our crusade.
I can smell corruption, and I'll fight it to the top.
Loveless copulation going on.
And it must stop.
(Chorus) Stop this copulation
Stop that copulation
Loveless copulation
Stop that copulation
Texas has a whorehouse in it.
lord have mercy on our souls.
Texas has a whorehouse in it.
lord have mercy on our souls.
Watch dog smell corruption and will fight it to the top.
Loveless copulation going on, going on, going on, going
on, going on
going on.
(Solo) Don't touch that dial
This is Melvin P Thorp saying I'll be back, with new and
revealing
information about this and other cases.
Watch dog never sleeps.
(Chorus) And it must stop.
Watch dog going to get you
Going to shine his light on you
Watch dog going to get you
Going to shine his light on you.
More lyrics: http://www.lyricsmania.com/watchdog_report_texas_has_a_whorehouse_in_it_lyrics_dolly_parton.html
All about Dolly Parton: http://www.musictory.com/music/Dolly+Parton
Last Update: June, 10th 2013