Meg: 5, 6, a-5, 6, 7, 8
Meg and Girls: Bathing beauty, on the beach Bathing beauty, say hello What a cutie, what a peach Bathing beauty, watch her go.
Man: (Speaking)Alright, Meg, take 5, girls, take it one more time
Girls: Bathing beauty, on the beach
Madame Giry:(Speaking)Very nice, Meg
Meg: Do you think so, mother, really?
Madame Giry: You've come a long way since the beginning of the season
Meg: Does he agree? It's been three months, he never comes to see the show. Even a word from him, just one.
Madame Giry: You may get more than that. He has been composing again, late at night. Not this cheap Vaudeville trash, something
glorious.
Meg: For, for me?
Madame Giry: Continue to work hard. Make yourself useful to him.
Gustave: Mother
Christine: Patience, Gustave. First I must find the stage manager, my dressing room, the musical director.
Gustave: Then we'll go look for our friend and go see the island?
Christine: I'm sure he'll send for you when he's ready. Well, excuse me, miss, would you mind?
Meg: (Singing) Heaven help me, could it be? No, it couldn't possibly
Christine: Sorry, do I?
Meg: Yes, I think you do
Christine: Have we?
Meg: Go on, take a guess
Christine: Wait, it can't be, is it?
Meg: Yes
Christine: Oh, my God, I can't believe it's you
Meg: Look at you, Christine. Regal as a queen and beautiful
Christine: Meg, and you as well I could hardly tell it's you
Both: My dear old friend Can't believe you're here, old friend
Christine: After all this time
Meg: So glad you came
Christine: You look sublime
Meg: You look the same
Both: My sweet old friend. Never thought we'd meet, old friend
Christine: Look at you, a star
Meg: And you, a wife
Both: And isn't life a splendid thing?
Christine: And here we are
Meg: To see the sights
Christine: And sing
Meg: To sing?
Christine: And of course, as a treat for my son Meg, meet Gustave
Meg: Who hired you to sing here?
Raoul: You!
Madame Giry: It can't be you!
Raoul: Is this a jest?
Madame Giry: How can this be?
Raoul: We've come to work
Madame Giry: At whose request?
Raoul: The contract's here
Madame Giry: I want to see. My God, the price
Raoul: It's rather high
Madame Giry Why, it's absurd
Raoul: Oh, yes, I know. Inform your boss that, by the by, the fee goes up or else we go
Both: My dear old friend. Here's how things appear, old friend
Madame Giry: He who pays the bill
Raoul: Times two or three
Madame Giry: Be sure he will
Raoul: And handsomely
Both: And dear old friend. Now that we are clear, old friend
Madame Giry: That's all very well but till you're gone, you'll wait upon my boss' whim
Raoul: Ah, yes, your boss and who is that?
Madame Giry: It's him
Meg: Sorry, did I hear you right? Here to sing
Christine: Tomorrow night
Meg: I'm afraid there must be some mistake. You can't be performing
Christine: Why?
Meg: Mainly, dear 'cause so am I! I'm in fact the star, for heaven's sake! What are you to sing?
Christine: Just one little thing, an aria. Please you needn't fret I'm sure you will get your due
Raoul: Him?
Madame Giry: That's what I said
Raoul: You work for him?
Madame Giry: Now so do you
Raoul: And my poor wife. We thought him dead. She'll be appalled!
Madame Giry: Unless she knew
Christine: Darling, please, are you alright?
Raoul: Tell me now, that music, who was its creator?
Christine: Darling, please don't squeeze so tight
Raoul: Something's going on here, I'll deal with you later
Meg: Did you know?
Madame Giry: How could I know? Why would they come?
Meg: Why won't they go?
All: My dear old friend. Can't believe you're here, old friend
Madame Giry: Speaking as your host
Meg: As an artist
Christine: What a surprise
Raoul: To say the least
All: Yes, dear old friend. That's a happy tear, old friend. I can't conceal, try though I may, the way I feel, so I pretend, I'm
sure it's clear, to such a dear old friend
Madame Giry: You mustn't stay!
Christine: Why would I leave?
Raoul: Why are we here?
Meg: Don't play naive
All: What dear old friends. Don't we all live here, old friends?
Raoul: Nothing has been changed
Meg: And never will
Madame Giry and Christine: Just rearranged
All: And yet we're still, such grand old friends, such devoted and old friends. Words cannot suggest what's in my heart and for the
rest why even start?
All:My dear old friends! So much longer near, old friends. Back again at last. When everyone Is doing great. Won't this be fun?
With dear old friends. Utterly sincere old friends!
Meg: Honey, break a leg
Raoul: Madame, good day
Madame Giry: Enjoy your stay
Christine: Hope it extends
All: So glad you're here! A lovely dear old friend! Old friend!
Last Update: November, 28th 2014