Christine: Gustave! It's alright, it's me! Gustave. Please, take him away.
I'm so sorry, please forgive him. He meant no harm.
The Phantom: How could you think I wouldn't guess?
Christine: What do you mean?
The Phantom: How could you think I wouldn't know?
Christine: Oh no...
The Phantom: Do you have something to confess?
Christine: Please don't make me!
The Phantom: I want the truth right now if so!
Christine: Once upon another time, you went off and left me alone
But that's not all you did. You left me with a son.
Ever since that other time, I wish how I wish you'd have known
I kept the secret hid, the secret my marriage forbid
What else could I have done?
Just love
The Phantom: A son...
Christine: Just live
The Phantom: My son...
Christine: Just give what I can give, and take what little I deserve
The Phantom: My own flesh and blood and even he recoils in horror from me. Just like his mother.
Christine: Forgive me, I beg you, if you can
I've brought you nothing but woe
Tomorrow night, I'll sing with all my heart
Sing for you again!
Then we'll go.
The Phantom: From out of ugliness, such light
From out of darkness, such a flame
In him my wrongness is made right
And yet he loathes me all the same
So let him shun me in disgust
Let him flee this cursed face
If I must hide from him I must
Yet shall he be my saving grace
For Christine, my Christine
If it's true I've no reason to live
Then Christine, then a boy shall have all I can give
Ah Christine
All I create on this earth
All that I'll never be worth
All shall be his!
Madame Giry: Ten long years and he casts us aside
Ten whole years, this is how we're repaid
Ten dark years of toil and tears
And now what we've worked for will go to that child!
All our hopes were at last in our grasp
All the dreams and the plans that we laid
Everything is vanishing
And we get discarded, rejected, reviled
All of the bonds in between is now torn
All of the love that we gave him forsworn
All would be ours if that bastard had never been born!
Last Update: November, 28th 2014