Here's the way that my story goes, at the old Cincinnati Loews
I was working from 5 to midnight as an usherette
"You're too good to be holding doors," Papa said, "With a face like yours,
There's a fortune out there that you just gotta go and get."
I put away my flashlight and my gloves,
To go and be the star the whole world loves.
Papa said, "You're the best, you're the best in the world,
All you need is the chance to be best in the world.
You're the bright little star that stands out from the rest,
If you make it or not, don't forget what you've got,"
Papa said, "You're the best."
Said goodbye to the beat-up Loews, hitched my way to the studios
Knowing this little lady would be conquering the west
Through the lean and the hungry days, living mostly on Papa's praise,
Till I heard someone whisper, "Why not give the girl a test?"
My knees were shaking and my hands were cold,
But I remembered, as the cameras rolled
Best, I'm the best in the world,
All you need is the chance to be best in the world.
You're the bright little star that stands out from the rest,
If you make it or not, don't forget what you've got,"
Papa said, "You're the best"
I was molded and redesigned, and expensively wined and dined,
I was living a life I'd just imagined in my heart.
I was given the grand approach, started work with an acting coach
And in no time at all they handed me a leading part
I knew that Papa's dream was awfully near,
So guess who flew out for the big premiere
Through the hush and the dark, Papa sat by my side,
When I flashed on the screen, how the two of us cried.
You're the bright little star, never never to fall,
And now no one can stop your ascent to the top,
You're the best of them all.
Life can have its ironic ways, for the picture ran seven days,
And disconsolate, back to Cincinnati Papa went.
Even though a few dreams were dashed, more than one little hope was crashed
But you shrug and you say, "A girl has got to pay her rent."
"Usher wanted" read the Sunday ad.
They asked me what experience I had
"Sir," I said, "I'm the best, I'm the best in the world....
I'm the best in the world.
I'm the bright little star, never never to fall,
If I make it or not, don't forget what I've got,
It's been drummed in my head, Papa said, Papa said, Papa said,
I'm the best.
Last Update: February, 03rd 2026