HELEN:
He wants the hepplewhite suite chairs back in the parlor.
Move the G.I. Joe, it can’t be on the floor.
He wants the dresden figurines back in the breakfront.
A slinky messes up the period decor.
Get the Lemon Pledge and dust the – they should face the same direction.
He wants it vacuumed, the surface gleaming.
He wants it closer to the door.
He wants, he wants, he wants!
He wants the brass candelabra set at an angle.
The crayons and the glue should go back in the drawer.
He wants the bust of Quixote square on the mantel.
Sweep that lint away, it’s what a broom is for.
Gently wipe the eucalyptus.
Polish up the crystal prisms.
When he comes down here, he wants it ready.
We’ve got to get it done before.
He wants, he wants, he wants–
BRUCE:
*Where’s my bronzing stick?*
HELEN:
*It’s in the–*
BRUCE:
{slams door}
ALISON:
Welcome to our house on Maple Avenue!
See how we polish and we shine?
We rearrange and realign.
Everything is balanced and serene.
Like chaos never happens if it’s never seen.
ALISON AND HELEN:
Every need, we anticipate and fill.
And still…
He wants the real feather-duster used on the bookcase.
Find all the books we read, and carefully restore.
He wants them alphabetized by classification.
HELEN:
A volume out of place could start a third world war.
KIDS:
That’s an inch out of position!
Watch it, that’s a first edition!
HELEN:
What are we missing?
What have we left out?
When he comes down here, what’s in store?
HELEN AND ALISON:
He wants, he wants, he wants.
Welcome to our house on Maple Avenue. (KIDS: Welcome to our house on Maple Avenue.)
See how we polish and we shine? (KIDS: See how we polish and we shine?)
We rearrange and realign. (KIDS: We rearrange and realign.)
Everything is balanced and serene. (BRUCE: Everything is balanced and serene.)
(KIDS: Everything is balanced and serene.)
Like chaos never happens if it’s never seen.
(BRUCE: Like chaos never happens if it’s never seen.)
(KIDS: Like chaos never happens if it’s never seen.)
ALL:
We’re a typical family quintet.
HELEN:
And yet…
BRUCE:
Not too bad, if I say so myself.
I might still break a heart or two.
Sometimes if I burn so hot, I don’t know what I’ll do.
Not too bad, if I say so myself.
BRUCE & ALISON:
Not too bad.
BRUCE:
*Mrs. Baulkner! It’s a pleasure to meet you. Come ? on in!
It’s obviously still a work in progress. Ah, yes, yes, I did all the work myself,
that’s how we were able to afford the place. No, no.
Historic restoration is an avocation.
That is very flattering! I teach English at Beach Creek High,
and the Bechdel Funeral Home is our family business, so I’m also a funeral director.
You have a keen eye! This, I found yesterday in the dump! Isn’t it–uh actually,
I believe we’re up for a revival. Absolutely! Would you like one with the family?
Kids! Mrs. Baulkner would like to take a photo!*
BOY:
*Hello! Anybody home?*
BRUCE:
*I’ll be there in a minute! Just a boy, who helps us with the yard work.*
KIDS:
[Sung behind Bruce’s monologue, beginning at the ?.]
Dee dee, da dee ditta dee dee, dee ditta dee dee!
Dee dee, da dee ditta dee dee, dee ditta dee dee!
What is he after? (What is he after?)
What are we doing wrong? (What are we doing wrong?)
He wants, he wants, he wants.
ALISON:
He wants more.
*Caption: My dad and I both grew up in the same, small Pennsylvania town.
And he was gay, and I was gay.
And he...
killed himself.
And I…
become a lesbian cartoonist.*
[FORMATTING NOTES: *Spoken words are enclosed in asterisks.*
(Anything sung in a "round" type of style is enclosed in parenthesis.)
{Sound effects are enclosed in wavy brackets.}
Any additional instructions, notes, etc. are enclosed in straight brackets.]
Last Update: June, 12th 2015