(Scat fill) Can you give me a "bada-yada-yada"?
(Aladdin repeat)
Good! Scotty-wop
(Aladdin repeat)
Everybody! Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo
(Audience repeat)
(Scat fill) Hit it!
Well Ali Baba had them forty thieves
Scheherezad-ie had a thousand tales
But master you in luck 'cause up your sleeves
You got a brand of magic never fails
You got some power in your corner now
Some heavy ammunition in your camp
You got some punch, pizzazz, yahoo and how
See all you gotta do is rub that lamp
And I'll say
Mister Aladdin, sir
What will your pleasure be?
Let me take your order
Jot it down
You ain't never had a friend like me
No no no
Life is your restaurant
And I'm your maitre d'
C'mon whisper what it is you want
You ain't never had a friend like me
Yes sir, we pride ourselves on service
You're the boss
The king, the shah
Say what you wish
It's yours! True dish
How about a little more Baklava?
Have some of column "A"
Try all of column "B"
I'm in the mood to help you dude
You ain't never had a friend like me
Can your friends do this?
Do your friends do that?
Do your friends pull this out their little hat?
Can your friends go, poof?
Well, looky here
Can your friends go, Abracadabra, let 'er rip
And then make the sucker disappear?
So doncha sit there slack jawed, buggy eyed
I'm here to answer all your midday prayers
You got me bona fide, certified
You got a genie for your chare d'affaires
I got a powerful urge to help you out
So what-cha wish? I really wanna know
You got a list that's three miles long, no doubt
Well, all you gotta do is rub like so -
(Spoken) Come on! Yes! And oh...
(Sung)
Mister Aladdin, sir, have a wish or two or three
I'm on the job, you big nabob
You ain't never had a friend like...me!
(Spoken) Can your friends do this?
No really...can they? You're welcome!
Or maybe, our lucky contestant would like for a talent of fame? Welcome to 'Dancing With The Scimitars'!
Grab old Al, by the hand, swing him 'round 'till he can't stand, chicken in a basket, sparrow on a tree, never had a friend like me!
I'd like to bring the house down a little bit, sing a few old classics, couple of favorites of mine. I'll get back to you in a second! Thank you!
(Sung)
Tale as old as time...
(Spoken)
Thank you, thank you very much
(Sung)
True as it can be. Barely even friends, beauty and the...
Look at this stuff! Isn't it neat?! Wouldn't you think my collections complete?! Wouldn't you think I'm the genie who has everything?!
~Under the Sea Intro~
And you'll never hear the wolf cry to the blue corn moon, so whether we are white or copper skinned...
I want adventure in the great wide...
Ever just the same, ever a surprise, though he's sitting here, watch Al disappear, right before your eyes, oh!
(Spoken)
Yes!
(Sung)
Can you friends do this? Can you friends do that? can you friends do TAP?!
Can you friends do this? Can you friends do that? Can your friends do abracadabra? Let her rip?
(Spoken)
Give me a doggy bag; we're takin' it home!
(Sung)
Mister Aladdin, sir, have a wish or two or three
I'm on the job, you big nabob
You ain't never had a friend, never had a friend (You ain't never had a friend, never had a friend)
You ain't never (never!)
Had a (had a!)
Friend, like (a friend like) me!
Never had a friend like me!
Last Update: February, 10th 2026