Campbell (sang):
I put her on the team she was green as she could be,
I took a lot of heat no one wanted her but me,
All my dreams were coming true, i was captain it was cool,
Then im suddenly redist-... redis.. sent to another school,
So skylers next in line but somehow skyler flunks!
So kyler should be captain but kylers blowing chunks,
Is this all coninscidence to some related incident that happened to occur,
Miraculusly making way for her
Something isnt right here, i dont know what it is, none of this should be happening ,
But it is, oh but it is, its like hearing a ticking sound coming from unmarked packages
Campbell(Spoken):
Hang on just one second, ill be right there.
Eva (Spoken): CAMPBELL!
Campbell (spoken): Nice Hair
Eva (spoken): Thanks! you know youve always been my inspiration
Campbell (sang):
Cearly, Something isnt right here, i got a spidy sense,
Too much has been going down to chalk it up to coincidence
Eva (spoken): What coincidence?
Campbell (spoken): that up, a sophmore , suddenly became captian of the squad
Eva (Spoken): what? you think i did all of this on purpose,
i would never take anything away from you
Campbell (spoken) :Steven?
Steven (spoken) :BABY! what are you doing here?
Campbell (sang): something isnt right here
Steven (spoken): baby its no big
Campbell (sang): Something isnt right here
Steven (spoken): Eva\'s helping me with trig
Campbell (sang): youre alibi\'s pathetic im here to call your bluff,
there no way he studies trig, theres no way he cares enough,
made the team and you made captian, now youre all up in his stuff!
Eva (spoken) :Campbell! campbell im your friend
Campbell (spoken): steven i dont think we should see each other for a while.
Like forever while
Steven (spoken): baby What?
Campbell (sang):
She did it, she did it, she came up with a plan to take all that she took,
My team, my school, my man, next she\'ll win the lotto,
Or crap a four leaf clover, can i just eb me who sees how she screwed us over!
Kyler (sang) : so its her fault i got mono, and for Skyler failing too,
and she somehow got you transfered and this whole things about you
Skyler (sang) : yeah our teams without a captian and our chances arent great,
but dont blame it on you mini me she stepped up to the plate
Kyler (sang): shes barely out of diapers
Skyler (sang):an yet youre sure its true
Both Skyler & Kyler (sang):
shes getting with youre man who we all know worships you
Skyler (sang): yeah i see whats wrong unless you have more to tell us
Kyler (sang): youre parinoid
Skyler (sang) : youre crazy
Both Skyler & Kyler (sang): or maybe youre just jealous
Last Update: June, 10th 2013