(Performs - Campbell, Skylar, Kylar, Steven, Bridget and Company)
I was in the stands
Rooting for our team
When I saw the Buccaneer's cheer for the first time
Standing on their hands
Every move extreme
I looked around, do these people see what I see?
These Truman girls were super-human girls
And when they started to fly, I knew
That I would find a way to be up there one day
'Cause in that moment, I finally knew what I was born to do
(Go, go, go Campbell, go Campbell, go Campbell, go, go, go Campbell, GO!)
Yeah, YEAH!
Believed I was gonna be a cheerleader like the Buccaneer's in front of me
So I stumbled 'til I tumbled then I made the team
Now my life is every adolescents favorite dream
Slow-motion down the hall (Hey!)
As kids all stop and stare
I feel like I'm a part of it all for the first time
And if I ever fall (No!)
I know my squad is there
'Cause I've got the Buccaneer's here behind me
These Truman girls are super-human girls
And there is nothing that they can't do (nothing that they can't do)
And beyond all the squads
They're semi-demi-gods
And when our powers combined
We do what we were born to do
Hey, Ready? OKAY!
My name is Skylar, I rep the Buc's with pride
I'm probably too cool for you so friend request denied (Oh!)
I'm Kylar, from Tyler, my real name is Ines
But Skylar said to change it and I do what Skylar says!
My name is Brigitte, I rock the parrot head
It's hot in here and kinda smells like someone wet the bed (Gross!)
What's up, my name is Steven, I'm so handsome it hurts
Don't need an umbrella, I stand under miniskirts (What!)
Yeah, I'm a bouncer, don't care what the haters say
How many dudes can say they pick up girls all day?
Love you....Love you more.
Oh yay, cheerleader try-outs are tonight, pick me.
No, pick me. Even mocking cheerleaders cannot hide the emptiness in my soul
Hey
You never met me face-to-face
If you think cheerleaders are a waste of space
We work and we fight and train and hustle
We get mani/pedi's but we're made of muscle
We got one shot that we work all year for
We got more balls then the team we cheer for
Nationals is getting closer by the minute
Last year, we took bronze, this year we're gonna win it!
Bring it!
Counting down the days
Making new routines
Drawing out a tumbling pass for the first time
Calling on a play
Here behind the scenes
I look around, do these people see what I see?
These Truman's are super-human girls
We've got the spirit and we'll see it through
We've gladly payed our dues with every sprain and bruise
Because we're doing what we're born to do
Doing what we're born to do
There is so much more to do
I can see it in my mind, this moment's mine
When we win first place, we'll know how bright we shine
We will move like parts of a finely tuned design
Not a wasted throw, not a tie across the line
(This moment's mine, this moment's mine)
We will leave it on the floor
We will leave it on the floor
(We will leave it on, leave it on)
'Cause this is why we were born (go, go, go go!)
Oh! (T-R-U-MAN, Truman High!)
There is no second place, you're either flying or falling (go, go, let's go!)
Oh! (T-R-U-MAN, Truman High!)
C'mon pick up the pace, I hear destiny callin' (go, go, let's go!)
Oh! (These Truman girls)
(T-R-U-MAN, Truman High!)
You cannot be afraid to fall down and work through this
Oh!
'Cause this is what we're born to do so let's do it!
Last Update: February, 01st 2015