MAN#1: In a cave many miles to the south
Lives a boy born with fangs in his mouth.
Sleeping until the fading light,
Flying through bloody dreams;
When he awakes the summer night is filled with screams.
WOMEN: You have heard he was born in the bogs.
That he feeds on the flies and the frogs.
MAN #2: You call him "Beast" or "Changeling";
MAN #3: Or "Demon Chimpanzee";
MAN #4: But we will prove he's no such thing:
ALL: He's much like me! And me!
Oh, hold me, Bat Boy! Touch me, Bat Boy!
Help me through the night.
Love me, Bat Boy! Save me, Bat Boy!
Make it all turn out all right!
MAN #2: He was dragged from his home and thrown down
At the edge of a coal mining town.
MAN #5: They stripped him of his dignity,
MAN #1: They beat him like a gong.
MAN #3: And he was kicked repeatedly,
ALL: And that was wrong! So wrong!
Oh Hold the Bat Boy-
WOMAN: Won't you hold him!
ALL: Touch the Bat Boy-
WOMAN: Won't you touch him!
ALL: Bring him to the light!
WOMAN: Bring him to the light!
ALL: Love the Bat Boy-
WOMAN: Won't you love him!
ALL: Save the Bat Boy-
WOMAN: Somebody save him!
ALL: Make it all turn out all right!
Would no one defend him, protect him, befriend him,
would none hear his cry?
WOMAN: Yeah, would none hear his cry, y'all?
ALL: Or would they detest him, arrest him, molest him?
WOMAN #4: Or just let him die?
ALL: You can't just stand by.
MAN #5: He has suffered and now it's your turn.
You are here not to laugh; but to learn.
WOMAN #4: Listen to his ungodly shriek,
Watch what they put him through.
MEN: Heed the tale of a filthy freak-
ALL: Who's just like you! And you! And you! Ohhh!
Hold me Bat Boy (Hold me Bat Boy)
Touch me Bat Boy (Touch me Bat Boy)
Won't you help me through the night
Make it all turn out all right! (Make it all turn out all right!)
Love me Bat Boy (Love me Bat Boy)
Save me Bat Boy (Save me Bat Boy)
I've been calling out your name
Come and take away my shame! (Come and take away my shame!)
Hold me Bat Boy (Hold me Bat Boy)
Touch me Bat Boy (Touch me Bat Boy)
You hear me cry when no one hears,
Won't you lick away my tears!
Love me Bat Boy (Love me Bat Boy)
Save me Bat Boy (Save me Bat Boy)
Sink your fangs into my soul
Only you can make me whole!
Hold me Bat Boy
Touch me Bat Boy
Hold me in your arms tonight!
Last Update: June, 10th 2013