Rusty: Woo woo, woo woo
Nobody can do it like a steam train
Woo woo, woo woo
Nobody can do it like a -
Greaseball: Okay, steam train, where you been?
N. Trains: You got work to do!
Espresso: I've got a race to win!
Prince of Wales: Fetch the coaches from the marshalling yard
Ruhrgold: Where's my schedule?
Prince of Wales: Where's my guard?
All: Rusty, we're not here for fun - Rusty, we've got a race to run
Bobo: My seating has not been shampooed
Turnov: My dining car is out of food!
Ruhrgold: Where's the schedule?
Espresso: Where's my oil?
Nintendo: Come on Rusty, get on the boil!
Rusty, we're not here for fun - Rusty, we've got a race to run
Control: Shut it guys! This is Control
Engines to get fuelled up. Rusty to fetch the coaches. Move it - move it!
Gang: Hear that Rusty, Rusty bye bye
Greaseball: Go fetch the coaches like the boss man said
Gang: Hear that Rusty, Rusty bye bye
Greaseball: Or you could enter for the race instead (laughter)
Gang: Bye bye Rusty, Rusty bye bye - bye bye Rusty
Greaseball: Rusty bye bye
Rusty: Call me Rusty if you like (cool off!)
'Cos soon I'll know just how a champion feels (don't push!)
When I show the rest a clean pair of wheels (who d'you think you're shoving?)
Call me Rusty if you like
Pearl: Rusty, turn your fire down!
Rusty: Call me Rusty if you dare (he'll blow his top!)
'Cos when you see me on the finishing line (he's off the rails)
And when I take the place that's rightfully mine (he always fails)
Call me Rusty I don't care
Ashley: Rusty
Buffy: Can't
Dinah: Be serious
Ashley: Him
Buffy: Go in
Dinah: For the race?
Ashley: You gotta be strong
Buffy: Is he strong?
Pearl: Not for long
Ashley: You gotta have speed
Buffy: Which he don't
Dinah: What you need is a mixture of strength
And power and length
If you're gonna have pull where it counts
Ashley: You're a fool to go with him
Pearl: Should I tell him no?
Other three: You gotta feel more, you gotta feel more
You gotta be certain, you gotta be sure
Pearl: I gotta feel more
All four: We gotta feel more
We need to be certain, we need to be sure
Last Update: December, 21st 2013