(MATILDA - Spoken)
At night, the Escapologist's daughter cried herself to sleep, alone in her room.
The Escapologist knew nothing of the Aunt's wickedness, and his daughter never said a word, as she didn't want to add to her Father's pain.
This only encouraged the Aunt to greater cruelties, until one day she exploded!
(MATILDA and AUNT - Spoken)
You are a useless, filthy, nasty little creep!
(MATILDA - Spoken)
And she beat her, and threw her into a dank, dark, dusty cellar, locked the door and went out.
But that day the Escapologist happened to come home early, and when he heard the sound of his daughter's tears, he smashed the door open!
(ESCAPOLOGIST - Sung)
Don't Cry!
I am here little girl.
Please don't cry, dry your eyes
wipe away your tears little girl.
Forgive me, I didn't mean to desert you.
Don't cry little girl.
Nothing can hurt you, you've nothing to fear.
I'm here.
(MATILDA and ESCAPOLOGIST - Spoken)
Have I been so wrapped up in my grief for my wife, that I have forgotten the one thing that mattered to us most?
I love you so much, my daughter.
I shall spend the rest of my life making it up to you.
We shall be together, forever.
(MATILDA - Sung)
Don't cry, Daddy!
I'm alright, Daddy!
Please don't cry, here, let me wipe away your tears.
Daddy, forgive me.
I didn't want to upset you.
Please Daddy, don't cry
I'll be alright, with you by my side!
I have nothing to fear!
You're here!
(ESCAPOLOGIST and (MATILDA) - Sung)
Don't Cry!
(Don't cry, Daddy!)
Please don't cry, I am here little girl!
(I'm alright, Daddy!)
Please don't cry!
(Please don't cry, here)
Dry your eyes, let me wipe away your tears, little girl.
(Let me wipe away your tears)
Forgive me!
(Daddy, forgive me!)
I didn't mean to desert you!
(I didn't want to upset you)
(Please Daddy, don't cry)
Don't cry, little girl!
(I'll be alright, with you by my side)
Nothing can hurt you
(I've nothing to fear)
You've nothing to fear
I'm here!
(You're here!)
(MATILDA - Spoken)
But when the little girl fell asleep, the Escapologist's thoughts turned to the Acrobat's sister.
And an almighty rage grew in his great heart!
(MATILDA and ESCAPOLOGIST - Spoken)
This demon! This villian! This monster!
She has sullied the memory of my wife!
She has betrayed the trust of her own sister!
She has shown cruelty to the most precious reality of my marriage!
Bullying children is a game, is it?
Well lets see what this creature thinks she can do when the wrath of a grown man stands before her!
(MATILDA - Spoken)
But that was the last the little girl ever saw of her Father.
Because he never came home.
Ever again.
Last Update: December, 06th 2013