Vote him out for your daughter, for her future.
Get out and vote, get out and vote, get out and vote, get out and vote.
Vote him out for your sister, stand up with her.
Get out and vote, get out and vote, get out and vote, get out and vote.
Vote him out, we the people have the power.
Get out and vote, get out and vote, get out and vote, get out and vote.
Don't lose hope, we can win this. Are you in this?
Get out and vote, get out and vote, get out and vote.
November 7th, Election night
Colored lights have been installed on the Capitol Dome to signal the winner.
What color do we want again?
If Wilson wins red, if we win blue
Come on blue, come on blue, come on blue.
They might as well lie down and die.
But the polls haven't closed in California, don't give up so fast.
It's not over till the last vote is cast.
Alex, Lucy, did you hear?
Did you hear?
We'll hold a rally first thing.
He has to speak, where's he ness?
Vote him out for your...
I don't like the world as it is, do you?
There are too many weary minds and hearts in it.
To tell you in person.
Tell me what?
Too many children with sad eyes.
Too many souls that die before the body dies.
Alice, the doctor said she was anemic.
And she knew she'd been ill for several years.
Where is she?
Don't you think women want to change these things just as much as men do?
Don't you think we've waited long enough?
How long must women wait for liberty?
Say it with me.
How long?
How long?
How long?
How long?
They tried to revive her.
She was too weak from overexertion, and her body just couldn't take the stress.
So, she obliged her.
It can't be.
It can't be any other photograph.
Except the one from the march.
The one of her in her crown and cape, where her eyes are like fire.
I'll go wire it to every paper.
Make sure she's seen.
I need to plan a memorial fit for a queen.
I'll go make a call, see if I can book a statuary hall.
I'll go write up a release.
Make sure they know she's only 30 years old.
Make sure they know that she's our hero.
Make sure they don't spell her name wrong.
It's M-I-L not M-U-L.
Millholland.
Inez Millholland.
Inez Millholland.
Last Update: June, 10th 2024