When the pill the doctor gave you turns your cold to the grippe.
When a stitch to save nine others comes apart with a rip.
When the rats invade your attic and start leaving you ship.
Follow my tip, come away on a trip.
Just join the circus like you wanted to, when you were a kid.
Climb aboard before it moves on and you?ll thank your lucky stars you did.
Go to bed in Minneapolis, wake up in PA.
Pack your roll, your brush and your comb again,
Ready to roll again, ready to stray.
Bless your soul; you?ll never go home again,
When the circus comes your way.
When you?ve patches in your trousers and hole in you purse.
When your nine to five it boarding and your five to nine?s worse.
When you sneeze instead of bless you, you get jeers and a curse.
Don?t call a hearse, while you still got a cherce.
Just join the circus like you meant to do, when you were so high.
Pitch your troubles under a tent and you?re bound to loose ?em by and by.
Say so long to fair Schenectady greet sweet Santa Fe.
Toss your hat and cane in a sack again,
Shoulder your pack and then hitch up the shay.
Kiss the cat and never look back again,
When the circus comes your way.
When the lady you?ve been courtin? weds your brother instead.
When hizzoner gives you thirty days on water and bread.
When your bank accounts a million, but its all in the red.
Don?t loose your head, pin this note to the bed.
Ive joined the circus like I wanted to, when I was a kid.
Climbed aboard before it moved on and you bet your life im glad I did.
Went to bed in Minneapolis, woke up in PA.
Packed my roll, my brush and my comb again,
Ready to roll again, ready to stray.
Bless my soul; I?ll never go home again,
When the circus comes my...
See that tent pole slowly start to rise,
Circus ? circus.
Just to say the word electrifies,
Circus ? circus.
Watch that tiger shaking hands like a pup there,
That lady dancin? on a wire a million miles up there.
That string of painted cars down Railroad Avenue,
Circus ? circus.
Two pink paste boards say you?re going to,
Circus ? circus.
Share the glad time and the woe with us,
Pack you?re trunk and join the show with us.
Roll from Maine to Kokomo with us,
Mister Barnum say you?ll go with us.
When the circus comes your way!
I?ve joined the circus like I wanted to, when I was a kid.
Climbed aboard before it moved on and you bet your life im glad I did.
Went to bed in Minneapolis, woke up in PA.
Packed my roll, my brush and my comb again,
Ready to roll again, show me the way
Bless my soul; I?ll never go home again,
From the day you join the circus!
Be proud to join the circus!
Step right this way and join the circus!
Just stick a banner in your hand ? and,
Join the circus like you wanted to,
Like you always wanted to run ? a ? way!
Last Update: June, 10th 2013