BULDA:
What's the issue, dear? Why are you holding back from such a man?
TROLLS:
Is it the clumpy way he walks or the grumpy way he talks?
Or the pear-shaped, square-shaped weirdness of his feet?
And though we know he washes well-he always ends up sort of smelly
But you'll never meet a fellow who's as sensitive and sweet!
So he's a bit of a fixer-upper, so he's got a few flaws
Like his peculiar brain-dear, his thing with the reindeer
That's a little outside of nature's laws!
So he's a bit of a fixer-upper, but this we're certain of
You can fix this fixer-upper up with a little bit of love!
KRISTOFF:
Can we please just stop talking about this?
We've got a real, actual problem here
BULDA: I'll say! So tell me, dear
TROLLS:
Is it the way that he runs scared, or that he's socially impaired
Or that he only likes to tinkle in the woods — what?!
Are you holding back your fondness due to his unmanly blondness
Or the way he covers up that he's the honest goods
He's just a bit of a fixer-upper, he's got a couple of bugs
His isolation is confirmation of his desperation for human hugs
So he's a bit of a fixer-upper, but we know what to do
The way to fix up this fixer-upper is to fix him up with you!
KRISTOFF: ENOUGH! She is engaged to someone else, okay?!
(beat)
TROLLS:
So she's a bit of a fixer-upper, that's a minor thing
This quote 'engagement' is a flex arrangement
And by the way I don't see no ring!
So she's a bit of a fixer-upper, her brain's a bit betwixt
Get the fiance out of the way and the whole thing will be fixed
We're not saying you can change her, 'cuz people don't really change
We're only saying that love's a force that's powerful and strange
People make bad choices if they're mad, or scared, or stressed
Throw a little love their way (throw a little love their way)
And you'll bring out their best
True love brings out their best!
Everyone's a bit of a fixer-upper, that's what it's all about!
Father! Sister! Brother! We need each other to raise us up and round us out
Everyone's a bit of a fixer-upper, but when push comes to shove
OLAF:
The only fixer-upper fixer that can fix up a fixer-upper is
TROLLS:
True, true, true, true, true, true, love
True love, love, love, love, love, true love
True
TROLL: Do you, Anna, take Kristoff to be your troll-fully wedded
ANNA: Wait, what!?
TROLL: You're getting married!
TROLLS: Love!
Frozen the Musical Fixer Upper Lyrics
Last Update: February, 25th 2019