The little old lady sat on the porch of the farm-house.
The little old lady rocked back and forth and crocheted.
"Oh, listen to the cricket, look at the rooster, smell the hay," I told her.
"And see the pretty little egg that the hen just laid."
The little old lady took off her glasses and squinted.
And how she responded literally had me floored.
She said: "I'm glad to meet someone who appreciates
the beauty that nature initiates.
It's sweet to hear, but me, my dear, I'm truly bored.
I miss those city lights, those sparkling city lights,
those twinkling city lights blurring my eyes.
I love those city lights, the color of city sights
that shine under city lights tinting the skies.
New mown hay gives me hay fever.
There's the rooster, where's my cleaver?
So laid back, my mind might crack,
and when the thresher's up my pressure's up.
City lights, oh, I long for those city lights,
the bulbs of those beaming brights beckoning me there.
Be there.
Take the crickets and go shove 'em,
urban crises, how I love 'em!
Grime and grit and pretty city lights.
Walking lanes to pick a daisy,
that could drive a person crazy.
Home-made bread lies here like lead,
and Polly's peach preserves--
oh, please, my nerves!
City lights, how I long for those city lights,
the bulbs of those beaming brights beckoning me there.
Be there.
Sties and stables sure are smelly,
let me sniff some Kosher deli,
brightly lit by pretty city lights.
Pluck your lillies of the valley,
let me sally up some alley
dimly lit by pretty city lights.
Country air means zilch to me,
I won't breathe nothing I can't see.
So let me quit and hit those pretty city lights.
Hit them city lights!
Love them city lights!
Fairs and socials ain't no pluses,
I saw more on cross-town buses
brightly lit by pretty city lights.
Hold that udder and churn that butter,
me, I'd rather shoot some gutter
dimly lit by pretty city lights.
Slop those sows, go on and fill your pails,
Honey, just let me plant my buns down in Bloomingdale's.
Yes, let me quit and hit those pretty city lights.
Love them city lights!
Last Update: February, 03rd 2026