[BETTY]
Was early, early in the spring
Went out on board to serve my King
With music sweeter that trumpet sound
My ship to America, it were bound
(spoken)
As Jean and Shona stepped onto that ship, they clung tight to the songs and tunes that reminded them of home. But the Scots-Irish were not the first or last to arrive in Appalachia. For centuries, folks from all over had arrived here, each carryin' their own kind of music. And when those folks crossed paths, their songs started mixin' and shiftin', givin' rise to somethin' n?w - old-time, bluegrass, country, Americana. Littl? did Jean and Shona know that the music onboard their ship was about to take on a life of its own
[ANCESTORS]
So early, early in the spring
I shipped on board to serve my King
My love did promise with kisses sweet
That we'd be married next time we meet
And all the time I sailed the seas
I could not find one moment's ease
For thinkin' of her, my dearest dear
But never a word of her did I hear
[SHONA, spoken]
Castlerock looks smaller fae here, eh Jean? And to think I wis gonna let ye go sailin aff into the sunset wi'oot me? I brought ye somethin. It wis in Gran's old dresser. A prayer journal, oor Great Granny's fae Scotland. I thought you should have it
[JEAN, spoken]
Oh, she likes it. Feel. She's kicking. Say hullo tae yer Auntie Shona
[SHONA, spoken]
Och, dinna, that maks me soond a hunner year old
[JEAN, spoken]
When ye come ootta here ye wee rascal, ye'll marry whoever ye please, ye hear? An if ye want tae marry naeb'dy at all then that's fine too. She'll hae freedoms like we never had. We'll aw hae oor freedoms once we reach that shore. Hell wi that, we're awready free. Free as the gulls!
[ANCESTORS]
Oh, curse your gold and silver, too
And curse the girl that won't prove true
Who all her former vows did break
And went with another for riches sake
If the girl is wed that I adore
Then on dry land I'll stay no more
I'll sail the ocean 'til the day I die
And break through waves rollin' mountain high
Hey!
Last Update: March, 04th 2026