Armand:
Just look at you, who do you think you are?
To flaunt our laws with your rash ways
To mock our rules with disregard
You presence here is poison in our veins
Your human (?) traits sour our belief
Your arrogance should be your shame
We were born the devil's darkest
And shun your forms of godliness
While you parade among the living
We haunt the solemn world of death
Lestat:
Just look at me?
Well I say, look at you
You haunt these walls like cast-off rats
Of filthy cowering vermin crew
Where is it written
Who said to live like this
Show me the face of the fool who'd trade this gift for s*** and p***
Man:  We cause mortal suffering.  We feed the fears of man.
We do not seek mortal pleasure, enter holy places, or go about
as one of them.
Armand:
From one who'd drink his mother's blood
And quest to be some harlequin
Lestat:
I'd rather feel this fine rich silk than rags and tatters on my skin
Armand:
Beware this smooth-tongued young libertine
He'll share with you his grand demise
Lestat:
Seems logic, crumbling like a corpse
No god or monster rules your lives
Trust in me, there is no need
For anyone to live like this and not believe
The night holds more than darkness and the stars
Don't fear the world out there
Because of who you are
So, free yourselves and you will see
There is no need to live like this --
No need
Armand:
Follow him at your own peril!
Lestat:
This sad ghost has held you in a grip of fear and superstition for far too long.
He is from the dark ages.  But this is a
new age, and I am the vampire for these ages.
Armand:
You act so bold, as if you have the right
To challenge us, this ancient coven
Disapproving of our cursed life
Lestat:
I bring you truth - new truth before your eyes
I've danced within the church of God
Seen operas sung and still survived
Man:  Tell us what happened when you went into the church!
Gabrielle:  Absolutely nothing!  Ask your leader -- he followed us in there!
Woman:  Is this true, Armand?  You dare to go into the house of God?
Armand:  Lies!  All lies!  From this strutting peacock.
Man:  How did you survive God's weapons?
The Holy Sacraments - The Crucifix?
Lestat:  Those icons have no power over us -- Ah!
And there it is!  His whole doctrine founded on a lie!
What's to fear on hallowed ground
Cold stone angels bound to good
The crucifix is nothing more
Than just a dead man on two bits of wood
Your self-imposed archaic ways
Are simply lies to bind your will
Above this wretched crypt you live in
Shine forms of light that cannot kill
Man:  Armand, why did you lie to us?
Armand:  To shield you (indistinguishable).
The laws were created to protect the children of Darkness.
Woman:  We are not children
Man:  We don't need your lies to protect us!
Woman:
And so indeed, there is no need
For anyone to live like this and not believe
The night holds more than darkness and the stars
Don't fear the world out there
Because of the way we are
We'll free ourselves
And we will see there is no need to live like this --
No need
Last Update: June, 10th 2013